The toilet paper poem

*Some thermal papers are coated with BPA.BPA is a xenoestrogen, exhibiting hormone-like properties that mimic the effects of estrogen in the body.

A roll of thermal paper almost resembles toilet paper. 
Rub your dirty orifice with this poem. Wipe your tears with this paper. 
Xenoestrogen, the other name for Bisphenol A, will permeate through the anal membrane, mingle with your estrogen receptor, and disrupt your endocrine system. Let it queer you, make you infertile, decouple your intercourse with gestation, obscure your way between binary bathroom doors.

Then flush this poem into the toilet bowl, dissolve the hormone into the water.
The gay liquid swirls, drips, flows, overflows, evaporates, rains, freezes, and snows through the plumbing system. When a sea slug, an oyster, a frog, or a penguin drinks this, they will soon discover gay joy. When this flows through a shower head, water faucet, or toilet tank, let’s wish it will fuck up the oppressive infrastructure of pee-pee-poo-poo, so fucked up that it uncasterates our revolutionary anus while turning cis-heteronormative capitalism infertile.

Some thermal papers are coated with BPA, a chemical considered to be an endocrine disruptor. BPA can transfer readily to the skin in small amounts. BPA is a xenoestrogen, exhibiting hormone-like properties that mimic the effects of estrogen in the body. Xenoestrogens are a type of xenohormone that imitates estrogen. They can be either synthetic or natural chemical compounds. Synthetic xenoestrogens include some widely used industrial compounds which have estrogenic effects on a living organism even though they differ chemically from the estrogenic substances produced internally by the endocrine system of any organism. Natural xenoestrogens include phytoestrogens which are plant-derived xenoestrogens. Because the primary route of exposure to these compounds is by consumption of phytoestrogenic plants, they are sometimes called “dietary estrogens”. Mycoestrogens, estrogenic substances from fungi, are another type of xenoestrogen that are also considered mycotoxins. Xenoestrogens are clinically significant because they can mimic the effects of endogenous estrogen and thus have been implicated in precocious puberty and other disorders of the reproductive system.Xenoestrogens include pharmacological estrogens (in which estrogenic action is an intended effect, as in the drug ethinylestradiol used in contraceptive pills), but other chemicals may also have estrogenic effects. Xenoestrogens have been introduced into the environment by industrial, agricultural and chemical companies and consumers only in the last 70 years or so, but archiestrogens exist naturally. Some plants (like the cereals and the legumes) are using estrogenic substances possibly as part of their natural defence against herbivore animals by controlling their fertility.

Write your sequence of words below:

Down the drain, beyond the siphone what flows down expands in the abyss of atoms a


    
    Printing on paper through an estrogen paperprinter extends the actual material it consists of? What is written on paper might not matter besides rising the question of what is the material, do we know we are holding estrogen, do we need to read about the estrogen, is it already there physically, not orally? 
   What are the political implications of using xenoestrogen to print? the medium is the message--form and content are indivisble. How is what is being printed affected by this ink? Does the meaning change? Is the ink substance legible? Do we know we are reading estrogen? Could the use of this ink radically change what is printed? Is this hormone dangerous or transfoormative or both? Who is printing? What are they printing? Does the ink gender the message?
   
   
    "Do you want a receipt?"
    The image on the paper fades and the paper returns to its former state. In the body, does the image fade too? What is the former state in that case? When being exposed, written on by moleciles, does the body act in like an unfixed medium alike?
  
    
    
    
   Who are we becoming with them and how can we possibly be with them otherwise?  

How can I resist them?

Do I feel like I can breathe freely? Like I can be myself?
Not really.

Hormonal infusion Alters and then maybe we should just ask her to come back to sleep 

A receipt on my palm opens a tunnel of a den of a water in my life and the other side of the earth and then we have a ton of water and the soil is in my hands and my feet are you in a very long day 

think I can do it until august so if you need it I'll send you the mail to the river or next week or if it works for me your dad will let you have a great time with max I will do that for tomorrow morning but if I could have it a day I can give it back home tomorrow to make it easier to do you find really great job 👏🏼 