In the morning of the 6th of April Bert Villa & Anco de Jonge cut a
hole in the fence of Design Museum Gent with angle grinders and
infiltrated the building. During their visit new door handles were
produced out of the cutout fence bars and were installed in several
doors in the museum, transforming hostile architecture elements
into welcoming gestures.
In the fence a new entry at the backside of the museum is shaped
by the cuts, announcing the future entrance of Design Museum's
new wing.
Bert Villa (*Ghent 1991) is a phenomenological artist-architect
from Ghent. He works on the codes in human-made
landscapes and their perception. His practice hovers
between conceiving and producing contextual installations,
scenographies, architecture and support structures.
Villa is co-founder of ConstructLab Belgium VZW, member of artists collective
019 and teaches at KU Leuven and LUCA | School of Arts.

Scattered around the urban landscape, wasted materials have
been given new life, transformed into meaningful objects by artist
inventors and philosophers Jojo & Jaco. Behold the 'object rage' in
their lively installation at DINGVitrine, Design Museum Gent. Shown
are the everyday life creations of two young hunter gatherers who
are on a quest trying to answer the physical and spiritual needs of
the contemporary world using 'free materials', readily available in
our direct environment. With inspiration (curiosity) being the highest
force for change, the installation shows a creative way out of the
consumer society and into a self-sufficient, self-creative new age.
Inspired by the movie Wall-E, they call themselves Post-
Industrial Materialists, Nomadic Recyclers, Ad Hoc'ers,
Neo Artisans, Creative Activists and even Alchemists.
Sculptures and designs are accompanied by drawings
and writings telling the story of a new generation,
on a critical search for sustainable life.
Expected can be: artefacts, instruments, machines, material
collections, drawings, writings and performance. A transforming
installation of sculptures and function-based objects.

During Design Fest Gent, DesignRegio Kortrijk and 233 House
for Contemporary Art, Design & Architecture are working here
on a daily newspaper with content report about the festival.
This is part of their initiative to launch a one-off trial issue of
Ponton. Ponton is a magazine for and by designers in Flanders.
On 27/04 at 20:00 Annelies Thoelen (Z33) will talk to Thomas
Lommée (designer OpenStructures, winner Henry Van de
Velde Award Ecodesign 2022) and Bram Vanderbeke (de-
signer and co-founder BRUT collective) about the content
of such a medium. What is needed in terms of content?
What would they have liked to read over the years? And
how can their work be boosted by written word?

Design Fest Gent demonstrates what design can (and indeed
should) be: inquisitive, experimental and activistic. It focuses
on sustainability in all its facets, it shows problems and
provides solutions, it challenges and stretches the boundaries
of design. With a unique selection of existing projects
and new creation assignments, Design Fest Gent not only
wants to inspire you but also challenge you and encourage
dialogue. Essential dialogue between you, designers,
knowledge institutions, organizations and the industry.
An extensive range of expositions, installations, workshops and
lectures are bundled in three content clusters: Look Back, Move
Forward and Do Care. Look Back shows projects bringing together
craft, tradition and new technology. Move Forward focuses on
hybrid collaborations between science, design and technology with
nature as a blueprint. Do Care gathers designs with a social impact.
In Design Museum Gent we follow the architecture of wing '92 with
Mining, Growing and Flowing.

on level -1 we are displaying projects with
materials that can be found underground:
soil, stone, metals, ... The so-called virgin
materials are getting scarcer, designers
are looking for answers to this problem.
on the ground floor and first floor, there will
be projects on display related to materials
that grow; the fauna and flora, how do
we deal with them and which mindset
is needed to take care of the planet.
the second floor has showcases
about intangible content such as
energy, air, the cloud, sound, smell,
happiness, water, well-being, etc.

Due to its imminent extension and renovation, Design Museum
Gent was cleared out and now exceptionally houses a large part
of the festival. So do not hesitate to discover the entire building,
but be sure to visit the other festival locations throughout the
city as well. All locations and an overview of the workshops
and lectures can be found on www.designfestgent.be
Or follow the Wilde Route through the city. During Design Fest
Gent, various design shops will form a (wild) trail through Ghent.
In the run-up to the festival, each shop made one or more
deadstock available to an organization or designer. They used
it to create a new and unique design that can be sold. During
DFG, the designers will present and sell their creations in the
relevant shops. Look at the trail on www.designfestgent.be
Design Fest Gent is a collaboration between Desian Museum Gent
Arteveldehogeschool, Flanders DC, Ghent Museum of Industry, KASK &
Conservatorium (HOGENT - Howest). KU Leuven Faculty of Architecture
LUCA | School of Arts, Ministry of Makers and University of Ghent.

69.000.000
kg
edible bread is thrown away each
year in Flanders, making it the
largest food group in our bin.
over 99% of all commercial
pigments are made from fossil
fuels.
What if we could address both
issues at once by connecting
disciplines from the start?

The power of bread
Studio
Narture's
experiments
show that bread residues help the
colour bind to synthetic fabrics, a
rare characteristic among natural
pigments. Moreover, the pigments
need less time and water to grow
than plant alternatives. Having the
base of an industrial process in
hand, developing ready-to-use
dyes and finding financial support
for upscaling are Nature's next
steps.

The Arc Nouveau acoustic panels are 100% circular: they are
made entirely with residual flows from agriculture and can be
perfectly composted at home after use. Their modular design
allows the user to be creative and create a unique design
with his panels. The name Arc Nouveau is a nod to the art
nouveau style, both because of the asymmetrical, undulating
lines and the link to organic design, because of the completely
natural construction and production of the design.
Mycelium (mushroom threads) is the essential component
of the panels and gives the material its main properties:
strength, light weight, water repellence, fire retardant and
both thermal and acoustic insulation. Despite the fact that
it is entirely organically grown and biodegradable, like
untreated wood for example, it lasts a long time indoors.
These panels were specially designed for the multipurpose
hall of Mycelia, an East Flanders company specialising in
the cultivation of mycelium for various purposes. Mycelia
employees produced the panels, chose the mushroom
varieties and assembled them into one whole.

The panels are organically grown on the basis of waste flows
from local agriculture. A mix of straw, flax and hemp provides
a strong fibre base that mushrooms love to feed on. By
moistening them and applying them together with pieces
of mycelium in a mould, you can mimic the ideal habitat of
mushrooms. The tiny threads of fungus search for food and, in
order to do so, make more and more connections between all
the pieces in the mould. This creates a highly connected three.
dimensional network in which all the separate pieces literally
grow together into one whole in the shape of the mould.
Four different mushroom varieties are used in this composition,
which create the variation in colours. Once the panels are fully
grown, they are dried out completely, which stops the growth
process and the mushrooms are 'dead'. So you don't have
to worry that your house will soon be full of mushrooms.

This design shows that it is possible to responsibly upgrade
low-quality organic waste flows into a high-grade product
without using fossil or exhaustible raw materials. The Arc
Nouveau panels do not contain any toxic elements or volatile
substances (such as paint, resin, binder, additive, etc.) that
are harmful to the natural or human environment, unlike the
majority of products we use in our homes. But even at the end
of their useful life, the panels can be perfectly composted at
home or used as a mulch layer between your vegetables.

Stacked drawers, compartments full of sustainable treasures
in a compact and mobile unit. Ready to Go is an ecological
toolkit created to help you find your way in the circular world.
The mobile furniture was developed by Onbetaalbaar, a
think tank and workshop where projects are created around
discarded materials, and new raw materials are sorted.
thereby stimulating smart combinations and reuse. Ready to
Go contains beautiful, fascinating circular materials, with their
own story, ready to be integrated into new projects. After all,
why shouldn't we work together and share our knowledge to
contribute to a 'cleaner' future? Ready to Go? Undoubtedly.

'BreaZea' is a 3D-printed modular room divider made from
bioplastics that lets you experience Circular Economy. The subtle
smell of 'BreaZea' helps the consumer to distinguish 'BreaZea' from
petrol-based plastics by enhancing the aroma-active substances
of the raw material. The modules are made from 100% renewable
resources and are 100% biodegradable. 'BreaZea' can be combined
and reused in various ways and has been created for the hospitality
industry and working and living environments.

Have you ever thought about how a product is conceived and
created? Usually there are a lot of prototypes before a product
goes into production. Students of Industrial Engineering, Industrial
Design (Gent) learn to develop products by making prototypes.
These prototypes are thrown away after the semester and are often
made of a non-ecological and sometimes even harmful material.
In the project Prototyping circular, UGent design.nexus, Glimps
and SWITCHRS are looking for ways to implement a bio-circular
mindset in the curriculum of design students. For this we start
from the living environment of the students; the workshop where
they make these prototypes. The workshop of the future is one
where local biological waste flows come in, are turned into
prototypes, are reused and are composted after their useful life
UGent Campus Kortri k extended their workshop with a
new "Bio-maker space" where students can create their
own bio-based materials. We also investigate which existing
circular and bio-based alternatives are already on the
market as a possible alternative for prototyping material.

On the one hand, the material library demonstrates these industrial
circular and/or bio-based materials. On the other hand, it shows
the results of the bio-circular materials made by the students.
These DIY bio-based materials showcase a variety of experiments
and materials. Sometimes a waste flow is used (wood residues from
the CNC machines, mowing residues of knotweed, an invasive
plant, ...) which is mixed with a biological glue (agar agar, xanthane
...). These materials are poured into a mould, pressed or processed
afterwards (sanding, milling, ...). Other materials are grown in the
"bio-maker space" in the right environment. A leather-like material
is made from SCOBY, a mixture of bacteria and yeasts (which give
the kombucha drink its flavour), or mycelium, the network of fungal
threads, grows on plant residues and together form a hard block.

During their studies, students come into contact with bio-
based materials. They know what it is like to create their
own materials. They are told to question materials. They are
challenged to set up circular systems and are taught basic
system thinking. These are all skills and learning insights that
they can apply in their later professional lives to help these
companies in their transition to a more sustainable world.

Hold on Cork is a visual and tactile invitation to explore the
ecosystem of the cork oak (Quercus suber L.). Bio-based
applications of age-old materials like this open new perspectives
for future generations. Hold on CORK is a documentary about a
curious designer in search of the origins, possibilities and challenges
for the future of the cork oak forests in Portugal. Sep Verboom
meets a young generation of creators who, together with the cork
processing industry, are looking for innovative applications. Besides
the visual story, a physical installation takes the visitor into the tactile
world of cork, with all its scents and colours. Expanded cork is made
from by-products of cork processing. This super material offers a
whole range of possibilities for designers and architects. Besides
being a material with excellent thermal and acoustic properties,
it is also an entirely bio-based carbon reservoir that plays an
important role in CO2 storage. A documentary by Glenn Verdickt.
An installation in collaboration with Sofalca. An invitation by Liveable
Platform.

Cork is a material whose applications have been known since
antiquity (Phoenicians and Greeks), mainly as a floating object and
as a sealant, the market for which has expanded enormously since
the beginning of the 20th century. Natural cork is the bark of the
cork oak, which covers its trunk and branches.
Cork has a cellular or alveolar structure consisting mainly of Suberin,
Lignin, Polysaccharides, Cerides and Tannins. These properties make
cork light, elastic, impervious to liquids and gases, an excellent
thermal and acoustic insulator and with a high resistance to fire.
Expanded cork is made from by-products of cork processing.
Cork burnt by forest fires or residual cork from the pruning and
maintenance of cork oaks is ground into granules. These granules
are compressed under pressure and steam in an autoclave (a
technology developed by Sofalca). This causes the granules to
expand and agglomerate with the resins (suberin) present, which
act as natural binders. The result is a solid block of cork with a dark
chocolate colour.
Biomass from the milling and cleaning of the branches is used to
produce the steam. This ensures an autonomous energy policy.

Hold on CORK focuses on the value of the entire cork ecosystem.
It provides a transparent look at production processes, which
are often not visible to consumers. Expanded cork is an entirely
bio-based (alternative) building material that does not involve toxic
glues. The natural properties of cork are fully exploited, both in the
production process and during use.
In a warming climate, the landscapes of the cork oak are also a
crucial element. The cork bark forms a natural protection against
forest fires and also preserves a lot of biodiversity. The slow growth
and the associated long-term vision create a respectful balance
between natural and human interests.

After shaping a couple of years traditional "backyard" foam
surfboard, Philippe Martens was wondering why we enjoy surfing,
a magical activity driven by nature, on a piece of equipment
made by materials which a huge threat to nature. So, he started
SINUM surfboards with the ambition is to make surfing
a bit more
sustainable by shaping your perfect beautiful hollow wooden
surfboard, crafted by hand from natural materials.
A couple of times a year SINUM organizes workshops to learn how
to shape your own wooden surfboard. You choose which type
of surfboard you want to make and in 4 to 5 days you build your
own board step by step. You will learn all sorts of woodworking
techniques and skills i
and everything you need to know to build any
surfboard at home.
Because of the corona measures, SINUM had to cancel some
workshops and started developing DIY wooden surfboard kits.
These kits contain all the necessary parts, information and guidance
to build your own wooden surfboard at home.

SINUM surfboards are made of a hollow wooden core, covered
with a skin of paulownia wood and cork rails. Boards are finished
with a coat of bio-based epoxy.
PAULOWNIA WOOD
Paulownia wood has incredible properties! First of all, it is one of
the lightest wood species in the world (comparable to balsa). Then
and above all, this wood has the ability not to absorb water! The
wood makes the boards particularly resistant to dings.
CORK
Shock resistant, light and naturally hydrophobic, cork brings
flexibility to the board.
BIO-BASED EPOXY
Thanks to the mechanical properties of cork and paulownia wood,
our boards are simply finished with a thin coat of epoxy made of
renewable, plant based ingredients and by-products.

SINUM Surfboards wants to make surfing more sustainable by
designing, shaping and helping you to build your dream surfboard.
100% Handcrafted from natural materials.

Studio Corkinho carried out a profound research on how to
bring the home closer to Mother Earth. Like a bark protecting
the core of a tree, Studio Corkinho uses architectural
conditions to give birth to a sanctuary of the mind, a
place of stillness, shaped by nature's divine conditions like
proportion, texture and patina. We present here two furniture
pieces, reflecting the values of our design philosophy.

Studio Corkinho designs from a circular engagement. Burnt
cork bark is grinded into granules. Which becomes a massive
matter after compression. Every ingredient from start to end
embodies our zero waste mindset. All process is handmade.
Finishings are organically sourced from Mother Earth.

As a result, the energy engraved in our creations will lift up
the experience towards a state of inner peace in the home
environment. It is a form of biophilic design, where experiences
of the natural world are integrated in the modern built
environment. A feeling of oneness will awake the mind, as
servant of the heart, within a universe where time harvests
space, to land on the destination of the timeless now.

'Cork' was designed by Jasper Morrison for Moooi (NL). It bears
Morrison's typical signature, known for its aesthetic simplicity and
everyday functionality.
The design can be used as a low side table, as a stool or as a
footstool.

The 'Cork Stools' are made of cork agglomerate, a natural material.

Cork is a naturally responsible choice as it has several advantages:
it is a warm material thanks to its high thermal values, it is naturally
waterproof and tremendously sturdy. 'Cork Stools' are therefore
perfect for a variety of applications.

'Resonance' (2019) is a drawing on the in between, the
space taking shape between the industrial weaving process
of Tasibel Natural Fibre Flooring and the weaver operating
the loom, where the weaver knots together warp threads
by hand in order to switch from material or design.
By introducing colored threads, applied by hand, Van
Breda questions the relations between industry and
handcraft, embracing the unpredictable.
Can this small gesture of laying threads on these by-products
be a reference to Van Gogh, mixing color with threads? Might
'Resonance' than suggest an other image resonating with
its different makers, surrounding space and the viewer?

High quality wood for music instruments is becoming increasingly
difficult to find and is becoming more expensive due to rising
global temperatures and over forestation. By using composite
materials we can make instruments that are more durable, stable
in different climates and lightweight for travelling musicians. The
unique material qualities of flax fiber allow us to make instruments
that sound very warm and round, which were tonal qualities
preferred by many listeners and players in scientific research.

The instruments are created using a combination of high tech
making techniques such as VARTM (Vacuum Assister Resin
Transfer Method) and classic techniques from the craft of
violin making. By combining age-old knowledge of the craft
with contemporary materials and engineering we can make
instruments that are the best of both worlds. The instruments
are made using flax fibers, this ecological fiber local to Belgium
is very long, stiff and lightweight which makes it perfect as a
reinforcement for composite materials. In combination with a
bio-epoxy resin this materials also has a lower ecological footprint
than existing instruments made from carbon fiber composite.

Since the instruments are more durable than classic wooden
instruments they require less maintenance than conventional
instruments and can have a longer lifespan. They are also
a more ecological alternative for instruments made from
carbon fiber. Most of all, these instruments showcase the
enormous potential of natural fibers like flax as a more
ecological alternative for carbon and glass fiber composites.

Hemp is a versatile and sustainable material, absorbing
more CO2 per hectare than any forest or commercial crop.
When combining hemp shivs with a lime binder, hempcrete
is made which has the strength of concrete and the
fexibility of clay. The material is widely used in sustainable
building, but has little application on a smaller scale.
Further exploring the potential of the material, 'Hemp-it-yourself'
creates a new method of applying hempcrete into a collection
of furniture pieces by merging material knowledge with a
low-end approach to meet current values of sustainability. The
semi-modular system consists of six shapes that are casted into
fabric form-works and can be mixed and matched together to
create objects with various heights, volumes and functions.
Inspired by the democratic design philosophy, the side tables
are based on a manual and can be produced locally, giving
the power to the user. When various people around the
world make a side table according to the 'Hemp-it-yourself'
manual, a network of makers is created, shifting the focus
from the individual designer to a collective, globally local
practice. Through this the project aims to encourage the
usage of natural materials and on-demand production.

The shapes are made entirely out of hempcrete, a carbon negative
building material composed of hemp shivs, lime and water. The
components are mixed together, pressed into a textile mold and
dried for three weeks. As the project is based on democratic
design principles, textile is used as a formwork material due to
its accessibility and fexibility. Any leftovers can be discarded in
compost, making the production process completely zero-waste

Hemp as a plant can grow almost anywhere in the world, making
hempcrete a globally local, carbon negative material. Since the
1980s, hempcrete has increasingly been used in ecological building
- with its natural ability to regulate heat and moisture, it is an ideal
alternative to conventional insulation. Taking this material from the
wall, the 'Hemp-it-yourself' shapes are a physical manifestation
of the potential and beauty natural materials hold. Designing
with a neutral and non-harmful material evidently contributes to a
healthier environment, and a healthier planet at large - the more

In the 'ONTketen' project, the clean tech start-up, Circular Matters,
and the design platform, Livable, joined forces to secure a circular
and bio-based future. Through a matchmaking process, three
pioneering manufacturing companies worked with design studios
on alternative products, free of fossil and mined resources.
Textile designer, Esther Van Schuylenbergh, for example,
explored ways to make Niko's switches and home automation
products more tactile by using circular material. Brent Neve
an tie Dedeurwaerder worked on a modular cabiner
storage system with Van Hoecke and Studio
- Atelier Part to
determine how non-renewable materials can be replaced
with TAP's renewable alternatives for emergency lighting.

The partners set up a co-creation process 2.0. The not only
exchanged knowledge, but also involved production companies
and designers right from the start. Since the exact product
or material had not been determined, they were tree to help
steer the process and choice of material. Over a period or time
with a practical mind-set, they investigated numerous new
processes and techniques and continued to develop a material.
After an open call, Livable and Circular Matters paired three
production companies With three design studios. In close
consultation with designers and industrial companies, they looked
for ways to integrate the new circular sheet material into the existing
industry. Circular Matters had transformed natural waste streams
into a natural biopolymer, a clean and fossil-free alternative to hard
plastics or wood-based plates. By using this material as a base .
'ONTketen' stimulates shorter chains and lower COz emissions.

'ONTketen's three partners (the clean tech start-up, Circular
Matters, design platform, Livable, and the social economv
company, Pro Natura) see sustainability In the broadest sense
of the word: in ecological, social and economic terms. By
joining their cross-disciplinary forces, they can offer an
alternative to the current economic and social system.
On an ecological level, 'ONTketen' promotes sustainability
by working with natural, raw materials.
As These come from
residual streams, such as reeds and grasses, the project
gives waste a second life and avoids the use of scarce
raw materials. Thanks to the developments of Circular
Matters, the material can be made 100% from these natural
side streams and, thus, no danger or (micro) plastics.
Since the raw materials are processed by the Pro Natura team
the project creates more meaningful employment within the
social economy. In addition, by working with local raw materials
'ONTketen' shortens the long, often non-transparent production
chains. As Circular Matters consciously chose to supply semi-
manufactured goods to (inter national manutacturing companies
the can produce this new material faster and with more impact.
Livable Platform coordinates the entire process within 'ONTketen'. They
challenge fellow designe
r and industry to find sustainable alternatives together
as well as a better balance
• Derween
humans and the environment. In doing so
'ONiketen' subscribes to the principles of the "fourth sector', whereby financial
social and ecological objectives go hand in hand.

Rwanda is successfully stimulating designers and the local
production of clothes. Though these clothes are often made with
imported synthetic textiles or cotton. We think many opportunities
lie in the usage of the local resources.
Ambara is a collaborative textile lab that works together with
Rwandan craftsmen and experts. Together we research the
possibilities of manufacturing responsible plant based textiles.
Instead of using harmful techniques and materials, the lab
investigates using fires from local plant species. Fires that can be
used for various applications, ranging from clothes to upholstery.
Alongside our research we try to develop locally producible
equipment, so developed techniques can easily be shared and
replicated. The end result must be an accessible method of
local textile production that safeguards both the economic and
ecological well-being of its place.

From Farm to Fabric is a research project with practical
application goals aiming to re-consider local wool from native
sheep breeds, a humble material that is seen as a residual
product. Every year, around 1.5 million kilogrammes of wool
are burnt, thrown away or transported to China where they are
processed for other purposes. The sales of our wool are not
profitable. This project investigates the reasons behind Belgium
importing wool from all over the world, whilst Belgium has
enormous quantities of local wool. Using artisanal production
processes, creative applications were sought to reintegrate this
undervalued material into today's textile world. Each creation is
the result of an extensive collaborative process; the shepherd,
shearer, craftsmen and designers are all part of a collective chain
that makes the transformation into the final product possible.

Local wool from indigenous sheep breeds will play the leading
role in this project. Although this material used to be a high-quality
product, which formed the basis of our textile industry, it is now
seen as waste material. Nevertheless, it is an extraordinary material:
the most versatile and strongest fibre of all natural textile fibres.
Wool is very durable and has virtually no impact on our society
or environment. The fibre grows naturally every year and is also
biodegradable. In addition, this natural raw material also has a
range of unique properties: repels water and dirt; regulates a
balanced temperature and humidity level, anti-allergic, etc.
The process of converting dirty and raw wool into usable material
(e.g. yarn for weaving) involves several steps. First, the wool is
cleaned; then carded,
spun and, finally, woven into textile surfaces.
Each step in this process is done manually, and, thus, in a traditional
way. This labour and time intensive process is a conscious choice:
the process is just as important and valuable as the final product.
Also, this manual process allows the creation of imperfect and
unique pieces, which is not possible with mass production.

The project, From Farm to Fabric, aims to make the world
better by reappraising an undervalued residual material, thus
highlighting its simple and pure beauty. Overall, the project forms
a unity and connection between the environment, people and
animals. It incorporates a sustainable, responsible production
process
and promotes local partnerships. In addition, it seeks
to inspire and arouse people's admiration of nature's abundant
offering. Each work combines elements from the past with the
present, creating pieces that can be sustainable for the future.

'Deconstruction of the Carpet' is an installation consisting
of two carpets, examining the tension between autonomy
and application. A functional object, the carpet, becomes
non-functional. What remains? Is that enough?

The first carpet, a brown wool carpet, was made with leftover
yarns from Vera Vermeersch's workshop. Moths like to live among
natural fibres, such as wool. They destroy the threads around
the coils. These bobbins lose their value because they become
difficult to use, as one has to keep rewinding the various pieces
of broken thread. All in all, the spools still contain 3.5 kg of wool.
The second carpet is also made of residual yarns, but different
residual yarns. Not a single thread goes to waste. Leftovers are
shredded into fluff, then turned into a new carpet. Residual
material is the most inspiring material for me. Where others see
waste, I see the beauty of repurposed material. With a little
extra love and patience, residual materials remain valuable.

By deciding to use only residual materials, I am not
contributing to the growing waste mountain. There is enough
leftover material to make beautiful, functional things.

'Hempanel' is a collection of natural hemp panels that
soften the acoustics of your home. They integrate perfectly
with their environment by connecting you to nature.

Local hemp and oak. I use local and/or European materials.
Hemp is a material that grows here and has impressive
properties. I use its thermal and acoustic insulating properties
to create an object that improves the quality of our homes. The
process is still artisanal but is trying to be industrialized.

Hemp fibers are very easy to grow - hemp grows quickly
with little water and nourishes impoverished soils. In addition,
hemp has natural antibacterial properties, is anti-allergenic
and repels 90% of UV rays. Hemp offers many economic and
environmental opportunities and has a promising future in a wide
range of sectors including industry. Hemp is also present in the
food, textile, plastics, paper and even construction sectors.

I've challenged the idea of using, not only vegan supplies but
also going one step further, growing my own materials, so
that I could gain total control over them. The Banana Project
exhibits a series of pieces and a movie. The pieces are made
of banana stems and leaves, which I've grown himself not
only to be 100% sustainable but also fully responsible.

Elise Vanden Broecke and Ulrike Pittomvils started collaborating
during their studies of textile design. While working together, they
tried to communicate with the materials and their own materiality
in a pure and honest way. They collected and gathered different
textile leftovers as a starting point. Their work is a revaluation of
these textile leftovers, but the construction of the work reveals
the story of its past and puts its own existence in a new light.
By repurposing discarded textile pieces they create a non-
reproducible view of textile. This is their manifest to show
a continued beauty of discarded materials, as a product
that doesn't necessarily end as it starts to lose its initial
functionality. Its lifespan is not linear to one existence. They,
as artists, don't create anything new, they just reveal.
With the work 'Chute' they discovered the "needle punch by
hand" technique as a long lingering answer to the problem of
combining loose fibers and threads organically. A time-consuming
process that could be achieved because of the corona lockdown.

Victor Verhelst & Thomas Waterzooi take you to a remixed universe
in the design museum. This work starts from Victor's brainchild
"Trippy Vegas", a world that mainly unfolds in a self-designed city,
and reuses the existing images and visual language to engage in
up-cycling through generative art (a digital process that applies a
set of rules to create a theoretically infinite variety of work).
The 'Club B2B' project starts from the idea of digitally expanding
the Trippy Vegas universe and letting it live its own life by up-
cycling the already existing patterns/architectural elements through
generative art and interactive technology. The city is digitally
stitched together as a patchwork of existing patterns, and through
the material offered, can create its own forms or city scenes ad
infinitum. Thomas and Victor present this in the designated space
by using an iPad that serves as a control element and a beamer/
projection screen that magnifies it for the ultimate experience.
Thomas Waterzooi (°1986, Henry Van de Velde award winner for
BabelAR) specialises in generative art and playful interactions, and
uses gaming technology to give Victor's Trippy Vegas universe a
new digital life and make it grow to unprecedented heights. The
work will not only create new images of Trippy Vegas but also
provides the opportunity to rework these new images of the city
into unique risos, the medium Victor Verhelst uses primarily to
present his city. This is how we create an (infinite) circular economy.
The 'Club B2B' project is presented in the design museum by means
of a box completely covered with risos that serve as wallpaper and
draw the viewer into the universe. On the wallpaper hang unique
risos (ranging from A3 size to A2) from that universe. One wall in the
middle of this box is kept free in order to exhibit the partnership
between Thomas and Victor by means of projection.
The game can be operated by means of the iPad that is connected
to the projection screen.
The wallpaper is made with a Riso Duplicator. A Riso Duplicator
is an automated screen printing machine from Japan that uses
soya-based ink. This process is a very environmentally friendly way
of printing. LUCA | School of Arts also has an A2 duplicator as of
2022 with which they are pioneering as the only one in the whole
of Belgium. This would also be used in this project alongside
Victor Verhelst's own duplicator. The Riso printing technique is
characterised by its vivid colours.
'Club B2B' is part of the Trippy Vegas universe

HYPERMINER _EXTRACTED EARTH is a speculative audiovisual
artwork critically questioning the HYPER EXTRACTION of natural
and economically valuable resources using advanced mining
acceleration technologies by the means of hyperspectral
imaging, artificial intelligence and data-driven decision making.
WHAT DO YOU SEE
In the artwork we see how deposits are allocated, extracted
(speculative) and used to create a new geode composed
of the most valuable natural resources found on Earth.
TRIPTYCH
Screen one: a cubesat in orbit is scanning
Earth for rare earth deposits.
Screen two: valuable natural deposits are allocated by the means
of machine learning, hyperspectral imaging and detection.
Valuable natural elements like rare earth metals are mined.
Screen three: rare earth elements are used
to create a geode (extracted earth).
PROJECT CONTEXTUALISATION
Hyperspecral data from CUBESATs equipped with machine
vision in outer space are used to allocate deposits and natural
resources on Earth with unprecedented accuracy and vision. As
major discoveries of near-surface mineral deposits are declining
globally, new methods are needed to detect economical
deposits at great depths. However, this is challenging due to the
relatively small size of ore deposits, the limited number of existing
geological data at depth, and limitations of the geophysical
methods used for their detection. Machine learning can aid in
developing better models for the prediction of rock type and
economical mineral deposit locations for extraction purposes
without engaging in time and resource-intensive approaches.
GENERAL CONTEXTUALISATION
The need for monitoring environmental dynamics is now even
more urgent given the acknowledged impact of climate change,
sustainable food sources, and intensified need for green energy.
Different visualisation tools exist for geospatial data, however, these
are not suited to capture the complexity of hyperspectral imagery.
This makes our project relevant, trans-sectoral and trans-disciplinary.
TECHNICAL INFO
The audiovisual artwork is made in Touchdesigner.
The installation can run realtime or presented as a video (2K/4K/8K).
Realtime data from Google Earth is combined with hyperspectral
images from satellites with embedded machine learning.

Design of a custom-made machine for 0.666 to produce a facade
slate from recycled plastic particles from beach waste.
Sun, Sea & Plastic:
Our beaches are littered with waste from tourism or from the plastic
soup. Today, a whole network of organisations, such as the clean
beach walkers, cleans up the plastic waste from the beach sand
every day. They also sort and wash the recovered plastic and take
action to transform it into new products with an ecological and
social added value.
Our challenge:
As a school that also offers plastics as part of its curriculum, we want
to help solve the problem of plastic soup. What better way to do
this than to use our technical-creative knowledge to help translate
ideas into concrete solutions? The façade of 0.666 will exemplify
their operations and activities. That is why we are taking on the
challenge of designing a machine to produce facade slates using
plastic recovered from the beach. The final production will be done
through participation with the neighbourhood.

We use plastic waste from the beach. We investigated which type
of waste can be used for easy reprocessing and which is available
in abundance. In this case, Polypropylene (PP) and Polyethylene (PE).

Students come into contact with the problems of our current linear
economy
Students actively work towards a change to a circular economy
We inspire what is possible to help enable the circular transition
We support organisations in helping them to achieve their goals
We highlight the issue of Ocean plastics and the pollution of our
beaches.

It is the world's first circular school bag set, using castoff
advertising textiles, second choice car seatbelts, locally
produced zips and recovered advertising panels. They are not
sold: parents of primary school pupils can hire these bags.

We developed a set of circular school bags for primary schools.
The set consists of a school bag with a pencil case, a gym bag
and a swimming bag. The bags were produced in Weerwerk's
social sewing workshop; they are repaired at the end of the
school year, if necessary. This allows us to re-use the material
not once, but several times. The set also serves as an educational
tool. It puts the circular economy and the need to change
purchasing behaviour into the hands of young people. Forty
years ago, young people introduced the idea of sorting and
recycling to their families. We believe we can do the same.

Carrying a bag from that unforgettable festival? Or fantastic film
you saw? From your favourite cultural place? Or are you looking
for a bag that is local, social and circular? You will find it at
'HOOS'. In the sewing atelier, where people with a disadvantage
in the labour market are employed, advertising textiles and
waste streams are transformed into new sustainable products.
We prevent high quality material from being incinerated and give
our employees at Weerwerk an opportunity to grow and build a
circular economy.

'Bahia Denim' is a type of granite - mostly navy blue in
colour - from the Brazilian state of Bahia. However, this
stool is made of a new material that visually resembles
marble, using production waste from the fashion industry.

The variation in size, colour and texture of this type of waste makes
each design object unique. As the material is handmade, endless
colour combinations are possible. The light and durable character of
the material allows for various uses in furniture or interior wall panels.

This stool is made of production waste from the fashion
industry. Discarded pieces of jeans fabric were layered,
stitched and cut to create intricate patterns.

'BLEND' is a stool made up of thousands of fragments
of waste, residues of production from
workshops resident in Zaventem Ateliers.

The production scraps from each workshop have been painstakingly
crushed and mixed with a binder to produce a stool each time
differing, not in shape but in composition. It brings together
the extraordinary fragments produced by all the workshops,
leather, brass, glass, ceramics, resin, foam, glitter, wood ... Each
workshop religiously conserves all its waste and the RENEWI
company helps us shred it. Then the production scraps have
been mixed with jesmonite and binded. This project will be
renewed every year, only the color of the binder will change.

Waste recycling.

at first glance
one sees lines, surfaces and volumes in a singular material with a
terrazzo-like appearance,
delineating three objects with a clearly legible use,
describing archetypes of chest, stool and shelf.
a closer look reveals recognisable scraps of packaging in the surface,
and a softer and warmer touch than one might expect.
relations between size, shape and proportions of individual
components become more apparent,
more intricate correlations begin to dawn.

achttien
is made entirely out of recycled plastics from different waste
streams.
discarded plant pots, packaging and PET plastics get a new life as
sheet material.
panels measure one by two meters with a nominal thickness of two
centimeters.
laid out by hand, every panel has a unique composition and
appearance.

achttien
is a result of an ideological intention that led to a strict design
methodology.
the process is based on and determined by a zero-waste principle.
determined by the dimensions and characteristics of the material,
the furniture's proportions and dimensions are set to maximise the
use of material and thus minimise waste and scrap.
components are efficiently cnc-cut and finished and assembled by
hand.
at the end of their life cycle, the pieces can be easily dismantled
and recycled.

The second life of 'REX': first Dutch deposit/re-usable chair
An award-winning chair (2011) by Ineke Hans is given a second
life by Circuform, a new brand, which gives industrially designed
furniture a circular life, by minimising the use of new raw materials
and maximising re-use. 'REX' has many lives and is the first Dutch
deposit/re-usable chair.

By reissuing this award-winning museum design, Circuform gives
industrially designed furniture a new, circular life. The result is 'REX'.
The design and construction have been meticulously worked out.
The injection moulds are remanufactured from recycled material;
the chair is sustainable and fully recyclable.

'REX' can be used in many settings: office, healthcare, education,
hospitality and homes. The production has the lowest possible
ecological impact. 'REX' is made from recycled PA6, taken from
office chair parts, fishing nets and carpet, but also industrial waste.

Much as we would like it to be different, it often happens in the
market that furniture is used for a short time, for example pop-up
offices or because circumstances change.

'REX' is the first Dutch deposit chair, which means that one can
take the chair to a local Circuform drop-off point at any time for
a guaranteed deposit of €20.00. Returned chairs are checked,
cleaned, repaired when necessary and sold, again with a deposit.
Broken chairs are shredded into valuable raw material for new
production.

With this event, 'Groundsup' wants to show the enormous
potential of coffee waste. We want to do this by showcasing some
applications based on coffee waste that are linked to the senses
(feeling, seeing, smelling, tasting and hearing). Through concrete
cases, prototypes and workshops, we try to stimulate the visitor
in the best possible way. This goes hand in hand with raising
awareness among the visitor about circular economy and the role of
bio-waste flows (here, coffee) as a raw material.

The materials used for this exposition are all based on spent coffee
grounds as a raw material. Each product was created though a
different type of process. To obtain the basic raw material, the
coffee waste is first collected and dried into a stable product. This
is followed by an extraction process that creates two raw materials:
coffee oil and dry matter. These newly created raw materials form
the basis for further product development.

Coffee has played an important role in our society for centuries.
The introduction of this this black gold brought an explosion of
productivity, innovation and progress. But when we brew coffee,
less than 1% of it ends up in our cup. The other 99% (the grit)
has long been treated as waste, and its environmental impact is
equivalent to the CO2 emissions of 10 million cars. Yet the power of
coffee does not have to stop at the first consumption. In fact, there
is a huge potential for coffee waste as a new raw material within
various sectors such as candle wax, food, pharmaceuticals, bio-
based plastics and cosmetics.

TABISU. Tableware. Biowaste. Sustainability.
Tabisu is a sustainable tableware set that consists of 8 pieces:
a placemat, coaster, cutlery rest, napkin ring for individual use
and a menu holder, reserved sign, presentation tray and bill
tray for general use. The complete set is made of biowaste
(by-products of creating a meal; onion skin, peels, shells,
gone bad herbs/etc. So far, they just get discarded.) This type
of biowaste gets converted into a biomaterial that is 100%
recyclable and biodegradable. The biowaste is not only a source
of material, but is also a source of inspiration. The design of
this set consisting of 8 pieces, are based on and inspired by
the natural and organic shapes. The natural colors are defined
by the used biowaste. In this set, there are 6 main colors.
Colors: Orange, blue, white, black, green and red. Used
biowaste: orange peels, mussel shells, egg shells, used
coffee grounds, herbs, onion skin and beetroot.

Each piece of the TABISU tableware set is sustainable. The
used materials are 100% natural, biological and biodegradable
binders. The biomaterial is recyclable and undergoes the
same process as when the first object was made: it is a
thermoplast! Furthermore, if a TABISU object ends up in
nature, it won't leave a trace. It's 100% biodegradable!

Becoming aware of all the waste we create when preparing
a "simple" meal, showed that it was time to do something
about it. Starting with a new mindset or a new perspective
on "waste". Realizing that the "waste" we easily throw away
could be a new opportunity for a source of raw materials. The
aim is to reduce the waste mountain. Doing this we reduce
the Greenhouse Gas Emissions (GHG) that are produced
by landfills. To reach a descent in the GHG and landfills,
we must start converting waste streams into new material
streams. (Which is the principle of a circular economy).

Waste is too beautiful to throw away. It doesn't even
have to exist. Unwaste turns waste into care products,
so you can experience beauty every day.
Unwaste. Pretty dirty soaps

Unwaste believes in a world where waste does not exist and
all man-made organic by-products have a valuable function.

Unwaste wants to give these organic by-products
a day-to-day function in personal care products
by making beautiful waste visible.

That's why Unwaste makes circular soap
and personal care products.
Daily waste = daily impact. 1kilo Unwaste product = 1 kilo
of waste processed. Circular personal care products from
coffee grounds and orange peel. Vegan. Produced in NL,
from natural sources. Recycled or circular packagings.

Kaffeeform takes the concept of circularity to a new level.
The German independently owned brand gives resources
destined for the trash a second life by transforming them
into beautiful, high-quality, durable everyday objects - an
invitation to live and consume in a more conscious way.
The company's journey started back in 2015 with a
game-changing material using recycled coffee grounds.
Committed to local and ethical production that contributes
to the resilience of the local community, Kaffeeform
unwastes and reshapes with the environment in mind.

Repulp design developed a product line that combines
our love for everyday objects with conscious design. Our
design approach preserves our resources and supports
creation. The first object we created, the Repulp mug, is an
eco-friendly French product rooted in sustainable use.

The Repulp material is made from citrus juice industry waste
and renewable materials. Biobased and recyclable, it is part of
a virtuous circle. Repulp offers an alternative to petrochemical-
based materials. The final products are strong and durable, but
can be recycled or composted at the end of their life cycle.
We partnered with fresh juice companies in the PACA region
to produce locally and in France. We collect the waste from
their production to manufacture new raw material! As actors of
the circular economy, we strive to build our company within
a positive impact production model. Our brand is rooted in
and inspired by the Mediterranean and the southern sun.
Repulp Design also offers a signature line that combines
handcraft and digital techniques. Each piece is produced
in small series. They are unique and the colors depend on
the citrus fruit variety. The Capsule collection is designed,
manufactured and assembled in our workshop in Marseille.
We use our Repulp material and 3D printing technology to
create our products. We develop the 3D printing filament
with our Repulp material. The Capsule series combines
craftsmanship and modern digital tools to create a line of
custom-made objects. Our sustainable material and digital tools
result in a raw aesthetic and objects with a unique character.

Repulp is changing the way we produce and our habits to
transition to a world with no waste. We are not just offering a
new material, but a new way of producing and consuming. We
want to create, while minimizing the impact on our resources.

Every year, 90 million tons of food are thrown away in Europe.
And, in the same period, disposable crockery accounts for a
further 26 million tons of garbage. Based on these two numbers,
Designer Barbara Gollackner is exploring the potential of
using food waste as organic material. As the largest producers
of such waste, how can consumers use it in a positive way?

What materials and processes are used and why?
We used every foodwaste material that we could find and that
interested us. Ranging from old bread, over vegetables leftovers
up to wasted milk. The materials were processed in various ways
starting from very basic molding, finishing with 3d-foodprinting.

If the materials and processes are ever ready for series production
they could replace every piece of disposable plastic crockery.

Annually, an average of 6,4 billion hens lay 1,1 trillion
eggs. Simultaneously one third of all food per year
is lost or wasted which includes eggs that have short
shelf life and whose fragile shell is not the most suitable
protection against processing and transport.
In the project 'how do you like your eggs' the content becomes
container, objects are produced from discarded eggs. It explores
the extraordinary materiality of an ordinary item of consumption.
There is an ambiguity in the symbolism of the egg which
embodies on the one hand the beginning of life and on the other
became swallowed up in cheap consumption. To address this shift
of value and to generate awareness for the waste of eggs on an
many scales but also for the consumption habits of the individual,
in the project 'how do you like your eggs' expired egg whites
and shells are thermoformed into bio-plastic cups with zero
additives. In todays context traditional non degradable plastics are
highly problematic, especially because of our throw-away culture;
opposed to that in this project a new, fully degradable bioplastic
is used to create a narrative about consumption and waste.
The process starts at the sorting station of the farm I'm
collaborating with. The eggs get checked for damages,
dirt and deformations and if they pass the test they go to
the shop, if they don't they are discarded. It is important
to know that those practices vary between different farms;
in large scale operations b-stock egg yolks are turned into
mayonnaise and egg white into fish food, but many smaller
and biological farms don't produce on a scale that this
process would be profitable so they discard the eggs.
When working with an animal product it is extremly
important to know where your material comes from since
through working with it you are becoming directly related
to the well being of a living creature which creates a huge
responsibility. That is why one of the most crucial steps of
the project was to find a biological and sustainable farm
that puts the quality of life of their animals first. We are
collaborating with a dutch farming project called GeluksVogel
and all the eggs used for the project come from them.

It's about all that's left when we drink coffee. Think about it. Early
morning, you put some coffee in a filter - after, of course, rejoicing
in the smell of it. You pour on hot water and soon after you take
your cup and walk away. But wait, turn back. Look. Is there less
coffee ground in the filter than before you poured the water
through? Nope. 99% is still there, waiting to be chucked. Of
course, it's not just you, and it's not just early morning. We could fill
swimming pool after swimming pool after swimming pool with the
daily leftovers of our compiled coffee grounds.
We set out to design a use for all this leftover brown mush
by extracting coffee oil out of it. Our principles: keep it local,
keep it simple, make it attractive, look for a good business case.
Collaborate. Help as many people as possible in the process. We
ended up making our circular Rub:ish soap. Right here in Ghent. As
a partnership between companies and the government. In the next
step we want to include the social economy. Our project is about
going from trash to value. We'll show you how to get your hands
dirty and clean to boost the circular economy.

Doesn't plastic-free, vegan and natural soap sound great? Truth be
told, it may be great for your skin, but it ain't necessarily so great
for the environment. Soap is usually made from olive or coconut
oil. Not an abundant raw material when sourced in the fields of
East-Flanders, it goes without saying. On an industrial level, soap
is made through something called the hot saponification process.
Not only does this process require a lot of energy, it also has
the disadvantage of spoiling some of the qualities of the natural
ingredients. Our Rub:ish soap bars are an improvement in two ways.
First of, we managed to partially replace the olive oil with coffee
oil sourced from local left-over coffee grounds, thereby reducing
the water and carbon footprint. Secondly, we opted for a cold
saponification process, further reducing the ecological footprint
and ensuring the best properties of the natural ingredients are
preserved. We're currently facing the challenge of executing the
cold saponification process on a larger scale. We hope to do this
with social economy partners, because this would add a beautiful
socially inclusive layer to the soap.

It highly values a material that would otherwise be wasted. Besides
that our Rub:ish soap bar offers a plastic-free, vegan and nature
friendly alternative. In the future it will provide work opportunities
for people who have a hard time fitting in the labor market and it
creates an end-product that is made of locally sourced materials. It
works as a source of inspiration to set up more circular economy
projects. Also, it's just a really great soap. Try it.

PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH THE ITEMS.

Quick Fix is an interactive installation. The artwork makes it possible
to buy followers or likes in just a few seconds. For a few euros you
already have 200 of likes on Instagram.
"Quick Fix "is easy to use. Choose your product, pay and fill in your
social media username. You receive the like or followers just a few
seconds later. The accounts that like or starting to follow you are
fake accounts.
The products in the machine are easy to change. It can sell likes
and followers for the following platforms: Instagram, Facebook,
YouTube, Twitter. The coin acceptor can be setup so it accepts any
currency in the world.
Every order is saved in a database and its saved with the location of
the exhibition, date, city, country.
Quick Fix V1 is commissioned by Pixelache in Helsinki and
was produced in Dries his studio in Ghent, Belgium. Quick Fix
premiered at Pixelache festival on 19 May 2019 in Helsinki. A second
version was released on 4 Nov 2021 commissioned by KIKK Festival
in Namur for the 10 year edition.

This video explains the concept of digital twins in healthcare, further
explains two possible visualisations as cases based on user design
research during PhD trajectory. Digital twins refer to digital replica
of potential and actual physical assets, people, systems, or devices,
which are highly relevant for the future of digital health.

This PhD' focus is on digital twins in healthcare, it exams experts'
views on digital twins and user perspectives, the latter is less
researched in this domain, in terms of what user want and how they
want to be presented or how they envision a digital twin at home.
The video is based on speculative design and tries to translate the
ideas user shad during in-dept interviews and workshops.

As researcher, I believe that digital twins in healthcare can bring
healthcare closer to citizens, it will allows citizens being better
informed about their health, have possible more empowerment if
offered in a trusted environment considering the ethics and privacy
healthcare demands.

Malawi barely has its own manufacturing industry. Businesses,
institutions and even hospitals must therefore import their
equipment from Europe, America and Asia. This imported
equipment is often extremely expensive, too complex or of poor
quality. This is why many hospitals in Malawi are filled with derelict
equipment.
Commissioned by the Malawian social business Sakaramenta, we
developed a new collection of hospital equipment, giving hospitals
in Malawi the opportunity to purchase affordable products with
a warranty, and at the same time creating jobs and benefiting the
nation's economy.
In order to better understand the existing state of Malawian
healthcare and healthcare equipment we teamed up with five
different hospitals, with some located in more developed cities and
others in rural areas. We talked with
experts, nurses and patients,
attended live surgeries and thoroughly documented how their
existing equipment was being used.
Throughout our research we found that most of the equipment was
either too sophisticated for the job or of poor quality. For example,
beds would either need electricity just to be adjusted, or they
would collapse from family members merely sitting on the edge
next to the patients. Because most equipment came from foreign
donations, it came without warranty and was almost impossible to
repair locally. With the experts in the hospitals, we decided upon
the most important and sorely needed equipment and carefully
redesigned everything so that it satisfied the hospitals' standards
and circumstances.

Based on the research an collaboration with the hospitals we
designed a full range of equipment including hospital beds, theatre
stools, surgical tables and trolleys, room dividers, IV-bag stands,
over-bed tables and laundry trolleys-all made to be low tech.
affordable, strong and locally repairable.
We teamed up with the social business Sakaramenta to design
and produce the new line of products. The collaboration with
the craftsmen of Sakaramenta was incredible-from our first 35
computer models and technical drawings they immediately started
making high quality prototypes.
After many tests and adjustments, together we finally ended up
with a complete line of hospital equipment. Upholding consistent
quality is very important for all equipment, but
especially when producing for the healthcare industry. In order to
ensure that quality will be upheld, we produced moulds for every
product and made a complete booklet with technical drawings and
quality checklists.

With the completion of this line of equipment, Sakaramenta is now
Able to continue production while providing professional warranties.
It has presented its collection at national fairs and has become
Malawi's foremost producer of high quality standard hospital
equipment.
The collection offers hospitals in Malawi an alternative for expensive
low quality imported products from Asia and the opportunity to
purchase products that support the local economy and create local
job opportunities.

Traumatic experiences are not always expressed verbally. Particularly
in the case of conflict and displacement, drastic events often call for
other forms of expression. Shatila is a refugee camp south of Beirut.
For decades, the language of embroidery has been present among
Palestinian residents, who have been living there since the 1940s. It
is a daily practice, rooted in the rich tradition of the region. Since
the war in neighbouring Syria, with the arrival of Syrian refugees,
there has been a boom of embroidery practices in the camp. In
addition to generating income, embroidery is a way to shape
personal stories.
In her research project, "On Migrating Heritage", Sofie Verclyte
explored these design practices as a canvas to shape experiences
in conflict and displacement. She entered into dialogue with the
makers through embroidery. By focusing on these existing design
practices with needle and thread, voices that would otherwise
remain silent are now heard.
Freelance photographer, Aaron Lapeirre depicted this interactive
process in a photo reportage. He combined documentary and
portrait images in the everyday surroundings of the women in
Shatila. The exhibited embroideries of Syrian makers depict olive
trees, rose bushes, family, loss, war, but also about hopes and
dreams for the future. The different materials, colours, motifs
and embroidery techniques, such as cross-stitch and round stitch,
play an important role in the creation of these stories. The choice
of materials is also determined by what is available, in a country
characterised by economic crisis.

3D2WALK, one of the projects of FFF, focuses on data driven
product design for made to measure 3D printed footwear. The
basic shoe designs, that are tailored to a particular person, are
based on indigenous footwear which resembles barefoot walking
(2015, PhD Willems). FF keeps a close collaboration with the
indigenous cobblers involved. Once the proof-of-concept is
validated revenue will be shared with the respective communities
(mid '22 onwards).The research is funded by the Industrial Research
Fund, Association University Ghent, Belgium, with material
sponsored by Forward AM, the brand of BASF3D Printing Solutions.
Willems' team has developed minimal footwear prototypes that
allow for each shoe pair to be customized based on each unique
foot morphology in a closed loop manufacturing process. In
collaboration with Vivobarefoot, in London, FF is exploring how to
bring the product to the market.
3D designs 100% personalized 3D-printed footwear based on
features of handmade footwear. Concept by Catherine Willems,
3D design by Aisha Kuijk, foot manipulations by Manuel da Silva
Pinheiro,
3D software design and renders by Raf Schoenmaekers
and Midge Sinnaeve. ©Future Footwear Foundation

We use techniques and structures that are as complex, functional,
and elegant as nature. The design focuses on mono materials and
on local footwear techniques of cobblers FF collaborates with. The
algorithm FF developed will be licensed out, but only in relation
to the indigenous designs and commit the royalties back to the
communities.
For each individual a 3D scan is imported in a software package
after which biomechanical markers get identified (toes, arch) and
adjusted towards more barefoot. The adjusted scan is then merged
with one of the suggested 3D footwear models.
Print technique: selective laser sintering (SLS), an additive
manufacturing technique using a laser as the power source to sinter
materials into
a desired model.
The material used is thermoplastic Polyurethane-TPU01 - Ultrasint
a very fine granular powder, which has high flexibility and durability.
Footwear produced with this material offers good flexibility, and
the possibility to print very fine structures with a hiah leve of detail.

REMARK ON THE SUSTAINABLE CHARACTER OF THE MATERIAL We are aware
of the importance of material when implementing sustainable production of
footwear. 3D2WALK strives to valorize a concept that carries all keys to make the
production as green as possible. Material is one aspect to be considered when
talking about sustainable production. Mono material, additive manufacturing,
link producer/consumer and recycling of materials are all elements that enhance
the level of sustainability. Recycling in the same application is technically not
yet feasible. End of life analysis is currently executed by Forward AM. Down-
cycling of the material is facilitated by the mono-material nature of the shoe.
In conventional footwear, for example, an average of 15 different materials is
used. All need to be recycled differently which happens rarely. More important,
consumption awareness is part of the project, and the potential licensee will
be responsible for collecting the used shoes and entering them into a material
recycling stream. FF takes notice of the importance of the material properties of
the 3D print and follows the latest evolutions in non-oil based alternatives.

Walking and making are fundamental parts of who we are as human
beings. Active collaboration with cobblers and being engaged with
different production units all over the world is at the core of FFF's
research.
"What makes the research at "Future Footwear" so appealing is its
promise to leapfrog more than 150 years of industrialization, with
all its attendant afflictions-environmental destruction, depletion of
natural resources, extreme global inequality-and bring us straight
into a cleaner and fairer future, while taking cues from ancient
knowledge and craft. The research brings three disparate fields
together: traditional footwear in very different indigenous cultures
(Kolhapuri in India, Sami in Finland, and Jul'hoansi in Namibia),
the biomechanics of the human foot, and advanced technology
for 3D measuring and printing. The depth and seriousness of the
exploration in each field results in a richness of data and information
which has only just started to yield its first outcomes".- Christine De
Baan, in Willems C. & Roland E. (eds.), 2018, Do you want your feet
back APE (ISBN 9789490800994)

HALL14' is being developed as an art installation that facilitates
encounters between humans and other-than humans. It is aiming
for a regenerative design process: developing an architecture that
contributes to a healthy planet. HALL14' is shaped as a co-creation
process involving designers, students and plants in a reciprocal and
multi-vocal dialogue. HALL14' is part of TAT's longterm research
project HALL33, and is part of a network of 'encounter portals' that
are being developed in Vilnius (LI), Akniste (LV), Athens (GR) and
Landgraaf (NL). The project is part of a global movement for 'non-
extractive architectures' that wants to design without the depletion
of human, natural and cultural resources. This film is conceived as
a do-it-together documentary recorded through the TAT Live
Archive, a database for TAT's regenerative art practice and beyond.

In the initiation phase, shown at Design Fest 2022, TAAT explores
environmental and social conditions to 'grow' HALL14' as a 'portal
for encounters with other-than-human entities'. This entails a
collaboration with locally sourced reed and willow trees, two
indigenous plants that are part of the 'naturecultural' tissue we
operate in. Weaving and grafting techniques are explored to
shape a dialogical material process. The project can be labelled as
a form of bio-based design, that focuses on a low-tech approach.
TAT implements performative working tools (silent walks, material
dialogues) and scripting methodologies (instructions, reflection) to
capture participants' changing relationship with other-than-human
entities that we too often consider as 'material resources' instead of
'co-creators'.

TAT's regenerative design approach aims to restore a holistic
awareness towards other-than-human entities. This approach helps
us to shape the future through the recognition and reinforcement
of biodiversity, cultural diversity and neurodiversity. The project is
set up as a collaborative learning trajectory (together with a local
primary school) that disseminates its research outcomes to the
artistic and practice-led research community. By sharing experience
on non-extractive architecture and regenerative design throughout
Europe, TAT's work helps to shift our human-centred design
attitude into a regenerative and holistic approach. The performance
scoring and the installation works that TAT produces generate
embodied experiences for both designers, students and the
general audience. These are 'staged embodied encounters' that
generate critical awareness of our human-centred position in the
world and proposes alternative ways of co-existence.

The artist Gilles Mayk Navangi proposes a collection of papier-
mâché objects named 'Biloko' and inspired by African culture and
the traditional know-how of the continent. Several components of
African ancestral heritage are evoked in his work, including science,
technology and spirituality.
He has focused his research on African architecture like the Mosque
of Timbuktu, the architecture of the great Zimbabwe and the village
Tiébélé with painted houses.
At the same time, he was interested in the relationship between
African tribes and their motifs in daily life, like the ornamentation for
objects, for make-up, scarification, etc.
This research has resulted in 5 sculptures, made out of papier-mâché
and illustrated through his graphic universe. The choice of papier-
mâché lies in the very raw touch it presents, while being a modern
production technique. The manual approach and the relationship
between simplicity of execution and complexity of forms are
aspects that refer to African philosophy.

Papier-maché was the optimal solution because it offers a raw
visual rendering that can echo the materials used in some African
architecture.
As for the colours, pigments were used for each sculpture. The
purpose was to give the impression that each sculpture has a
different texture. The general colour scheme refers to the African
soil. Black refers to petrol, yellow to sand, red to earth, white to
stone and blue to diamond and cobalt.
The link with the African soil is a way to denounce the exploitation of
man and nature in this part of the world.

The main materials used here are paper, wire and pigments.
The process of realization of these objects not being intrusive,
it questions on means of production more respectful of the
environment. Like the "Case Obus" of Cameroon for example. These
high conical dwellings made of sun-dried mud, pre-designed and
adapted to good housing conditions such as ventilation and climatic
changes such as rainfall. This leads us to look at the knowledge from
elsewhere with humility, and to imagine new graphic language
based on cultural encounters.
Short description for paper mâche sculptures:
"The artist Gilles Mayk Navangi proposes a collection of
papier-mâché objects named 'Bioko' and inspired by African
culture and the traditional know-how of the continent. Several
components of African ancestral heritage are evoked in his
work, including science, technology and spirituality."

Bleached - Every year twenty-million tons of salt sink to the
bottom of the Dead Sea's fifth pond in the south basin, an area
where twenty hotels flourish. These acts affect the Sea and the
surrounding environment: the hotels are facing flooding and
collapse, water levels at the natural side continue to drop due
to the excessive pumping, while the exposure of the sea floor
causes sinkholes that are extremely dangerous to both humans and
wildlife. This imbalance, shaped by the industrialization of a natural
resource, led me to contemplate - What can be done with the
salt? For the project, I created totemic objects that were dipped
in the fifth pond of the Dead Sea. Each object, constructed of
recycled wood and joined by vegan glue (that | concocted) then
covered with locally-sourced luffa. Once submerged in the sea,
the sponge-like fiber soaks up the salt and the object itself acts as
a salt pump. The luffa becomes a habitat for the growing crystals
which in turn, strengthen the ties between the wooden elements
by consolidating them into one strong piece and supporting the
vegan glue that doesn't hold for long. Aside from the overarching
metaphors inherent to salt, the salt plays a technical role as binder.

"Bleached" encompasses the idea that everything is
interconnected: The shrinking of the dead sea, the extraction of
potash to fertilize the soil for agriculture from which we feed cattle,
the gas emissions from animal farming such as methane and carbon
dioxide, the global warming and the bleached corals - all are
linked to one another in a ripple effect of human actions.

An estimated 24 million shoes are produced around the world
annually generating over 250 billion dollars in revenue. The majority
of those shoes and especially sneakers are not designed and built
to last. This mass production market follows a take-make-dispose
pattern that turns resources into waste with an increasingly faster
pace. Within this fast paced economy there is no room for inter-
action between designers, makers and wearers, resulting in generic
products that are unable to connect with the local context and
identity. When a new hype comes along it easily replaces the
previous one, leaving behind a large amount of unwanted shoes.
This linair process is very lucrative but leaves an enormous footprint
on the environment. The limits of this linear system have long been
reached but business as usual still prevails.

'Marbled Salts' explores possibilities to rediscover salt as a
sustainable material. It uses its unique physical qualities as a self-
binding composite material to develop a set of tables and chairs.

Mixing salt with resin gives it shape and strength. Carbon powder
and natural colour variations in the salt evoke the aesthetics of
marble.

Sea salt is a cheap and environmentally friendly, raw material for
design objects.

The installation assembles the material products of two attempts
to start a cross-species conversation between bats and humans
Frequency Shifts (Job Worms) explores the range and limits of
perception from a beyond-human perspective. Through a series of
interlinked frequency shifts in both the audible and visible domains,
windows are opened onto a world we don't have access to under
normal circumstances - the world as it is revealed to the delicate
and perplexing senses of the bat. Two questions arise - what do
you see through the eyes of a bat? What do you hear through its
ears? The masks on display are part of a performance by a group
of students who posed the question: We want to talk to bats, but
do they want to talk to us? During the performance the students
will transform into hybrid bat/human creatures in order to mediate
between the two species, in full realisation that this mediating
role might fail. This transformative performance gives a glimpse
of what it's like to be a bat and at the same time displays clear
human limitations in understanding bat-specific experiences. Both
these attempts to approach the bat perspective were initiated
by the Center of Decentering Design which takes its cue from
the growing realisation that we humans are not the only ones
with a point of view on this planet. Animals do too. They actively
develop meaningful relationships with the landscape they inhabit,
scaffolded by their own history, culture and individuality. They do
so in relation to us and all other creatures: the worlding of the world
is always a multispecies achievement in which the reverberating
actions of myriads of creatures continuously give rise to the world.

We explore how to engage with the world as a multispecies affair
in collaboration with other researchers, designers and artists. By
developing new multispecies narratives, we want to shift attention
away from the idea of the landscape as a fixed object and fore-
ground the more-than-human network that sits at its core. In this
case study, we employed a combination of research-through-design
and speculative design, asking students and artists to suggest
interventions in the habitat of bats. How can we start the cross-
species conversation and how can we translate the experience of
bats in a typical Flemish estate? Through creating these decentering
experiences we try to open up the conversation around how these
new perspectives can inform us to shape new entangled futures.

Design processes are perfectly tailored to realise products, land-
scapes or constructions which are optimised for human use. This
human centered approach to design minimises the direct negative
impact on the human user while neglecting the possible effects
it has on other actors or the world around us. Yet all design is
always already entangled in the more-than-human world. We
need to develop methods that take into account those lines
of entanglement, not so much to minimise our impact, but to
once more let our designs breathe the life that sustains them.

In the 'CPC Sculpted Light 15082021', four paper shades are held
in a delicate frame, resting on a tall structure, both crafted out of
Pins Sylvestris.
The thin paper curves are made of a unique mixture of waste paper,
and stone dust - the Chaud Paper Composite (CPC). A material
Charlotte Jonckheer started developing in 2018, exploring its
structural, functional and aesthetic qualities in a range of sculptural
objects and studies. For these works the collected paper leftover, is
considered as a valuable resource and not as waste, celebrated for
its beauty and unique characteristics.
As much as the CPC approximates the appearance of stone, it offers
possibilities that no stone could achieve. For one, the composite
is light and flexible and before being pressed and dried, allows to
take on any shape imaginable. For the 'Sculpted Light 15082021' the
CPC paper sheets are manufactured in a specific way to obtain a
light and open structure, allowing a playful light effect.
The sculpted light can both function as a pendant light or as a
standing light, as presented here, elevated on the Structure 1.
Within the design, and through a range of connections and systems,
modularity plays an important role. Most separate elements can
be easily dismantled, offering the possibility for customization,
reducing the packaging size and allowing an accessible reparation
of the separate parts if necessary.

All separate elements are designed and made in Belgium by
Charlotte Jonckheer in collaboration with talented craftsmen.

During the pandemic, all over the world, social distancing pushed
governmental organizations, cultural institutions, medical centers,
schools, theatres, restaurants, stadiums, transportation structures
and private companies to urgently produce graphic signs in
order for half of the seats on the planet not to be used. 1000 of
this unprecedented intensive production is gathered in this film
confronting us to this question: What should we do if sitting might
just be what kills us?
This film marks the beginning of a long-term research, focusing on
the intimate relation existing between Humans and Seats that was
abruptly disrupted in January 2020.

How an image of an object can become an object itself? Film is
the material used to construct cinematographic objects as part
of my practice that started back in 2016. With the expansion of
screens and digital spaces within the design field, online and
inside exhibitions, I write, direct, and produced films to construct
emotional functions with all the things that surround us.

In 2min38s, by watching 1000 pictograms, you face an emotion. You
give access to a research that is constructed to put the audience in a
state of mind of taking distance with their life and reflecting on the
amount of seat already existing.

'NewspaperWood' reverses a traditional production process; not
from wood to paper, but from (news)paper to wood.
When a 'NewspaperWood' log is cut, the layers of paper appear
like wood grain or growth rings of a tree and therefore resemble
the aesthetics of real wood.

Every day, piles of newspapers are thrown away and recycled
into new paper. During her studies at the Design Academy
Eindhoven, Mieke Meier thought of a way to use this surplus of
paper in a different way and to turn it into an innovative material:
'NewspaperWood'.

'NewspaperWood' does not aim to become a large-scale alternative
to wood or to recycle all paper waste into a new material. The main
theme of the project is 'upcycling'; we show how a material surplus
can be used in something more valuable by using it in a different
context. Next to the value of beauty, 'NewspaperWood' also has
very strong visual and storytelling characteristics. We hope this can
help making sustainability more appealing to the public.

My project is about the creation and sharing of recipes,
techniques, and designs of objects made with recycled paper
and cardboard on the website www.betterpulpit.com
By blending paper or cardboard, it is possible to turn it back
into paper pulp. After adding some natural glue as rice flour, it is
possible to create a clay like material. It can be applied into mold
or simply free shaped by hand for creating many types of objects
that might be done in plastic otherwise. If the object is broken, it
is very easy to fix it with more clay. The objects are water sensitive,
allowing recycling of the objects easily and without using energy.
The purpose of this project is to promote the homemade creation of
low tech objects and reduce the use of plastic in our daily lives.

'Crossing Parallels' explores the interaction between the basketry
technique of hand coiling and 3D-printing. Both techniques
build objects through the same construction principle, laying
one filament-whether natural fibre or melted plastic-on top of
another. By conducting material research at the crossroads between
handicraft and digital craft, this project aims to contribute to a more
nuanced definition of craft as collaborative practice.
This research benefits from the contribution and technical mastery
of basket weaver Esmé Hofman and 3D printing artisan Joris van
Tubergen. The goal is to give value to the collaboration beyond
the production of the final object, to involve and challenge the
knowledge of the craftsmen from the outset, and to encourage
creative experimentation between the two techniques and
between craft and design.

Beyond Luxury - how to reimagine leftover materials from
one of the world's most respected luxury houses? BA students
from DAE's Morning Studio collaborated with Hermès' Petit h
initiative, creating new and unexpected products with the
waste from its ateliers and exploring ways of preserving and
surfacing the crafts at the heart of the brand's processes.
Petit h is a project started by Hermès in 2010 that
invites designers to find new ways of using the leftover
materials from its ateliers. Its previous collaborators
include famous designers as well as design schools.
BA students from DAE's Morning Studio, led by Thomas Lommée,
joined the initiative in 2020 as part of DAE's ongoing Friend
programme, which seeks to connect students to industry.
Under the leadership of tutors Claire Warnier, Dries
Verbruggen, Sander Wassink and Earlwyn Covington,
students developed a range of products and other
outcomes, including digital platforms for the archiving and
preservation of crafts and materials, workshops and more.
Warner and Verbruggen, founders of Unfold, are among
the six co-curators of Design Fest Gent, which will include
exhibits by several DAE alumni including Erez Nevi
Pana, Christen Meindertsma and Irene Stracuzzi.

'Cambio' is an ongoing investigation conducted by Studio
Formafantasma into the extraction, production and distribution of
wood products. The website collects the research outcomes and
compiles an archive of documents, videos, books and articles on
the topic.
The film 'Quercus' has been produced by manipulating a
Lidar scan of an oak forest in Virginia. Lidar technology, which
comes from the terms 'light detection and ranging', uses lasers
to scan and record large surface areas and has often been
used in cartography and archaeology. More recently, it has
been adopted by the timber industry in order to selectively
log trees. Like the RADAM maps nearby, however, it could be
repurposed - here, it provides an opportunity to consider
humans from the point of view of the trees, with a voiceover
written by philosopher and botanist Emanuele Coccia.
Coccia's text questions our own sense of dominance, observing
rather the degree to which humanity is dependent upon
the form and physicality of trees, from the perspective of an
imagined forest. It suggests a crucial shift in perspective if we
are to find more radical ways of living with and protecting these
complex ecosystems - one that stems from the understanding
that humans and trees are inextricably interlinked.

Our project is about the dualities of creating a space of shelter,
a safe haven called home and the contrast of not being able to
find it. In between this composition where everything is under
construction, we build our identities together where multiple layers,
insides and outsides, and the mobility of a house are all corporated.
Something we all already do in other aspects of our life is recycle.
Why not take this way of living and weave it into our art practice. So
that reusing old work comes naturally. We hope to inspire people to
not only recycle clothes or trash but also art. At the moment we are
still experimenting with found/given materials. In our processes we
pledge to reuse and use materials that have minimal or no impact
on our environment. Not only are we using recycled and sustainable
materials, We also ask questions like why not just reuse old ideas...

Current Age at 233 looks at our resource dependency with
electricity being the driving force of the current way of living of
human kind. Without electricity, the world, our production systems,
our social lives and the way we live together would not be able
to exist. Communication, food preparation, festivities, production,
traffic management, data storage, etc. would all take on very
different forms. Electricity shapes our Western society as we know
it today. It enables and feeds our current identities as (Western)
human beings. At the same time it is involved directly or indirectly
in many of the wicked problems in our current Anthropocene
world. As electricity contributes to, and even constitutes our current
way of living, it also enhances and drives the destructive forces we
see happening in the world today. The generation of electricity is
linked to climate change, it's distribution systems through cables
and storage in batteries to modern slavery and the exhaustion of
rare earth materials, and it's usage in household appliances and the
industry to pollution and waste,... Current Age designs scenario's to
consume and distribute electricity in alternative manners. What are
the future options of generating, using and distributing electricity
that are more environmentally friendly or more disconnected from
the current grid?

An electric current becomes visible when running through the gas-
filled tube. When touching the object, the electric current will be
influenced and interact with the body.

Today electric currents have been tamed and run through cables
overland, underground, underwater, in the walls of our houses and
the circuitboards of our connected devices.
With much of the fascinating magic and beauty of electricity hidden
away, the lamp was designed as a way to re-establish a tangible and
intuitive connection with electricity. An electric current becomes
visible when running through the gas-filled tube. When touching
the object, the electric current will be influenced and interact with
the body.

Connecting and translating the outside with the inside, using green
energy (windmill) to breathe life into the object. Thus it playfully
makes us aware of the climatological forces that are going on
outside. The windmill with a self-made DIY dynamo, provides
energy to the object and is part of the design yet also allows me
to generate energy of the grid. Coming forward out of the urge of
becoming self sufficient.

This is a work that is self-sufficient in energy and composed with
local materials, 95 percent of its body is upcycled matter. Although
it is not a product that is accessible for everybody, it surely does
inspire and sends a positive message.

Last year, Emmanuelle Charpentier and Jennifer Doudna won the
nobel prize for their groundbreaking work on CRISP technology.
In 2020, A chinese scientist that produced genetically altered babies
got a jail sentence of 3 year and the famous biohacker Josiah
Zayner injected dna in it's arm to change his muscle density. As
biotechnology is advancing, genetic modification becomes more
and more feasible as a new technology to change the future. But
how should we handle these new technologies, and how does
that change our relation to nature? The project The Greater Gut,
looks at biotechnology, and the increasing influence of genetic
modification. Using co-existence and happiness as societal topics,
the goal of this work is to spark a debate about altering organisms
for human benefits.
Matthijs de Block and the group of Professor Marjan De Mey
created genetically modified gut bacteria that produce happiness
through the hormone serotonin. Are they playing for God in a
petri dish?
De Block & De Mey's group added 3 pieces of DNA into an E. coli
bacterium so it can convert metabolic substances into the happiness
hormone serotonin. The bacterium is transformed into a small
happiness factory, living in our gut.
The project uses novel principles of genetic modification and asks
questions about our relationship with nature, microorganisms and
the human microbiome. Can we modify living things as we please,
if so, within which ethical framework? The bacterium is produced
in the lab of Gent and cannot be consumed within the current
EU and US GMO (Genetically Modified Organisms) regulations.
The project consists of 4 works that show different perspectives
of the bacteria.
Generation 1
Generation 1 is an artefact from the creation process of the
happiness bacteria. The installation presents the first generation
of the cultivated bacteria presented in a petri dish.
The Greater Gut - Installation
The Greater Gut is the central reactor installation showing
the bacteria in a live culture. This reactor represents our
gut and shows the bacteria in its living form. A aluminium
structure with glass makes the bacteria untouchable.
In life and death
A series of 3 works shows the different life stages of the
happiness bacteria. This references to the transit state that
is sometimes associated with happiness. The different
stages of the bacteria show different colors. In their
deceased state, the bacteria almost have no color left.
The full project is in collaboration with the MEMO group (Metabolic Engineering
and Modelling of Microorganisms) and CMET (Centre for Microbial Ecology and
Technologv) of UGent and the
Polymath Lab of LUCA | School of Arts.

The WATERSCHOOL M4H+ exhibition shows what a new living and
working environment in Rotterdam's Merwe-Vierhavens(M4H)
district could look like if the 6,300 future residents of the area think
in terms of regenerative use of raw materials and resources, allowing
for the just interaction between all organisms, communities, and their
environment.
Rotterdam is a low-lying port city in the delta. In times of
climate crisis, the city has to face up to acute challenges
such as subsidence, water safety, extreme precipitation,
heat, and drought. But what about water use?
WATERSCHOOL M4H+ investigates how a range of resources
can contribute to building a sustainable, circular and preferably
regenerative learning environment, in order to meet the water
challenge and ensure an optimized ecological footprint.
WATERSCHOOL M4H+: making school through design thinking
The exhibition shows works of more than 40 selected designers,
architects and artists and a WATERSCHOOL (digital) library in
development addressing the themes and collecting the results
of the research by design into those resources that can serve
as (building) materials and/or food while having a responsible
relationship to water use.
Insects, duckweed, seaweed, wood, and fungi are the five high-
lighted resources that shape the future of living in M4H, impacting
all areas of life. Starting from the basic needs of a human body,
such as nutrition and water, these resources contribute to a new
diet by suggesting the use of alternative and less water-intensive
protein sources, and thus a minimized water footprint. And when
expanded to dwelling, living, and working, and to energy and water
consumption, they also generate new sustainable building materials
and energy supplies, while suggesting new types of architecture
and cultures of living.
Adhering to a learning by doing' approach, the future production
landscape in Rotterdam M4H blends living and working while it is
being designed around the prospective use of the five selected
resources. While also gathering and distributing knowledge,
WATERSCHOOL M4H+ operates as a cultural test site and a catalyst
for the sustainable (re)development of the area, meanwhile building
a new culture with the potential to be applied in other areas or cities
in the world.

The WATERSCHOOL is a self-initiated design research looking into
the possibilities of founding a school revolving around water as an
essential material, subject, holistic, social, economical and political
phenomenon. It proposes rethinking of the holistic, economic and
infrastructural model of education. WATERSCHOOL is displayed in
exhibitions around the globe, meanwhile building a curriculum for
the subjects to be taught (education) and constructing all spaces
needed separately (architecture).
ek.
en
al
Studio Makkink & Bey is an internationally known design agency, located
in the maker's district Merwe-Vierhavens (M4H) in Rotterdam. With design
as the overarching discipline, they approach their assignments via design
research. The ideas of the studio are expressed in projects in public
space, exhibition design, architecture, product development, interior and
product design and design research. This diversity in implementation
areas reflects the vision that everything is inextricably linked.
The design strategy of Studio Makkink & Bey is to re-appropriate what is
already present, with a strong emphasis on the process. By constructing
stories based on what already exists, by continuously zooming in and
out between product and landscape and cause and effect, contextual
elements aren't just rearranged, also new connections are made on the
scale of a building, a landscape or a work or social environment.
Studio Makkink & Bey constantly thinks from the perspective of networking to
share the ideas with others in as many ways as possible. New insights arise from
mutual cross-fertilisation, which are incorporated in all projects. To this end, the
design team includes professionals from many different fields of knowledge;
forming alliances with other designers, architects, scientists and experts.

In nature colors come either from pigments or from structures.
"Structural Colors' can be found e.g. in the feathers of a peacock
tail which are pigmented brown (melanin), but the interference of
light also reflects blue, turquoise and other iridescent colors. By
light interaction, the natural color palette obtained is wider to the
one obtained from pigments and is responsible for phenomena
such as iridescence or rapid color changes which results in adaptive
camouflage.
Inspired by nature, the 'Ecology of Colour' research focuses on
methodologies to grow structural colors from melanin nano
structures onto different materials.

The structural colors are produced directly onto the material by
microscopically structured nano surfaces in layers fine enough to
interfere with visible light. Those structures are made from melanin,
a biomaterial highly abundant in nature, biodegradable, and create
an infinite range of iridescent colors. In the lab structures are grown
onto glass, ceramic, paper and textile.

Today the wide distribution of color in our daily lives requires the
exploitation and destruction of nature. The textile industry and
the ink and paint industry produce toxic chemicals, release gas,
use massive amounts of water and contaminate it. The impact of
synthetic colors urgently demands research into color processes
and methodologies with natural origins. 'Structural Colors' offer a
sustainable and innovative alternative.

Microalgae are known to have a great capacity to efficiently utilize
nutrients from wastewaters, as well as being the source of valuable
chemicals and other products. In this research, Laboratorium
combines these two characteristics by selecting certain microalgae
to treat wastewater, and extracting pigments from their biomass,
which is then applied for printing purposes.

Several microalgae were cultivated in industrial wastewater, while
optimizing conditions for the pigment production.
Microalgae pigments were then used as coloring substrate in
adapted printing mediums for digital and non-digital printing on
textile and paper, offering a sustainable alternative for the printing
industry.
This innovation is very much aligned with the circular biobased
economy concept: the wastewater is used to cultivate microalgae,
which is then used to produce pigments to be later applied by the
industry, reducing the waste generated and therefore the need for
its treatment.

We aim to address not only the problem of wastewater
management but also another ecological problem linked to the
design industry: the footprint of ink and paint application. The
impact of synthetic colors urgently demands the development of
sustainable and ethical business practices, such as products with a
natural origin. In this case, the use of microalgae pigments obtained
after a process of bioremediation has a double effect on these
industries and fits within the circular economy framework, in which
waste is transformed and is returned to the system as a valuable
product.

The Lampirong, also known as the Capiz oyster, can be found in
abundance around the seafood capital of the Philippines, Capiz,
Roxas. Known as the only transparent shells, the Capiz were once a
flourishing precursor to glass, used in sliding windows during the
Spanish occupation in the 19th century. More recently, the shells are
used to make decorative objects.
The unique Capiz oysters live in brackish water, and are an important
presence in the vital ecosystem. As filter feeders, they can clean
up to 40 lites per hour. They eat plankton and organic waste from
the rivers that flow upstream. However, these are turbulent times
for the shellfish. Bottom fishing, dynamite fishing and warming
waters are the main causes of declining populations. However,
communities depend on the shells for their livelihood and a
balanced environment.

To emphasise the potential of the entire ecosystem, Sep Verboom
used the transparent properties of the Capiz metaphorically, by
using shell for the lenses. This is the very first pair of 'Lampirong
glasses'. The frame itself is made of laser-cut titanium: the shape is a
reference to the two oyster valves. The use of organic lenses dates
back to the 12th century in East Asia, where the first lenses were
made from polished quartz.

‘Lampirong spectacles' offer a new perspective through the lenses
of this oyster shell. It invites the creative community to rethink the
use of Capiz shells, but also to protect and encourage this vital
ecosystem. It is the search for a balanced solution between industry,
community and environment.

The air quality is not good. Every day, we inhale undetected soot,
nitrogen oxides and fine dust, of which we are the producers.
Designers Iris de Kievith and Annemarie Piscaer found a way to
harvest fine dust and use it as glaze for ceramics, which they used
to develop a new dinner service. With the colour that the fine dust
gives, the bad air quality is made visible and even tangible. Since
the use of crockery, your breakfast plate and your coffee cup, is
related to breathing in, its everydayness and intimacy, crockery was
chosen as the medium for raising awareness of air pollution. Part
of the project is "participatory urban mining"; you can participate
in harvesting the dust. This is certainly possible in cities where air
quality needs to be highlighted, at home and abroad. After all, the
wind blows the dust everywhere.

"Corps-vies' - a cross-pollination of the SerVies project and the
"porcelain skin" series - explores the interaction between our outer
and inner worlds.

The material used is porcelain, high-fired and glazed, on one side,
with transparent glaze in combination with spotty glaze based on
fine dust. Porcelain radiates beauty and vulnerability at the same
time.

With this work, I wish to raise questions. We are elements in many
ecosystems on different scales, such as our body, our environment,
our world: all systems that have much beauty, but are also very
vulnerable.
How do our thoughts and actions affect our ecosystems?
Here in concrete terms, what is the influence of fine dust, caused by
our choices of heating, transport and industry on our bodies?

The 'RoetVazen' (SootVases) were created within the framework of
SerVies Brugge 2021.
A new question and study arose from the research into the use of
fine dust, namely the use of soot from wood-burning and pellet
stoves instead of particulate matter.
For centuries, ash has been a basic raw material for ceramic glazes.
Ash and soot are closely linked.
This research into the use of soot instead of fine dust led to the
development of a glaze that consists only of soot and clay. The use
of this waste material (soot) as the main ingredient of a glaze was a
real discovery.
The restrained design of the vases refers to the shape of fireplaces,
chimneys and many more objects.

The basis of the ceramic vase is stoneware clay, turned and created
on the turntable.
Colored and glazed with stoneware clay and soot from pellet
stoves and wood-burning stoves.
Electrically heated at 1260°C.

The contribution to a better world is the re-use of waste or residual
material. Soot is the basic raw material for the glaze, giving colour
and a glass layer. The raw materials for the production of these
vases were reduced to clay and soot. No other colour additives or
melting agents were used.

It is about air quality, with cars making the largest contribution to
soot and particulate matter in the air. In Flanders, wood burning is
the main source of fine dust.

As the city of Bruges was too "clean" in terms of fine dust, we were
instructed to work with soot from the wood stove. This is how this
bowl was made, by means of casting clay that was poured into a
mould, after drying and baking (950°C), the inside and outside
edges were smeared with a transparent glaze that was mixed with
sieved wood ash. This was then fired again at 1250°C. With the
wooden branch, we obtain an object with a beginning and an end.

The project originated in Rotterdam and was brought to Flanders
by Handmade in Bruges to create a Bruges Dinner Service together
with residents and makers. In this way, the problem of fine dust was
emphasised in the hope of finding solutions.

Every day we inhale particulate matter, without knowing what this
invisible substance contains and what it does to our health. With the
'SerVies' project, we are developing a service that is coloured with
a glaze made of particulate matter! Because a soup bowl or coffee
bag is as everyday and intimate as breathing, we want to make
the particulate matter problem visible and even tangible through
tableware.
We will have reached our goal when we can no longer make
crockery because there is not enough raw material!

Invisible to the naked eye, our bodies play host to millions of
microorganisms. This living ecosystem on the surface of our skin
depends on the probiotic bacteria to function. The skin is the largest
organ of the human body, serving as a primary defence, a sensory
and an excretory medium. Therefore, what we put on and next to
our skin has a direct impact on ourbodies. As such, our health is
shaped by our environment. The skin biome is being challenged by
societies obsession with cleanliness, and urban living has created a
difficult environment for these organisms to survive. Antimicrobial
finishes commonly used in the fashion industry and skincare
cosmetics can contain toxic chemicals, which disrupt the diversity of
bacteria living on our skin. This leaves us more susceptible to skin
sensitivity, other skin related diseases. Textiles are an integral part of
our lives, and these insights into bacterial cell communities on our
skin have led us to question the clothes we live in and who is living
on us, and how this plays a role in our overall health.
"Skin Series', in collaboration with Ghent University, explores the
benefits of encapsulating probiotic bacteria into the fires of
clothing. These are activated when they come into contact with
the moisture on our skin, allowing them to dominate other less
beneficial bacteria. Different areas of the skin contain their own
microorganism ecosystem, in which the community composition
is closely connected to the health of the body overall. Various
probiotics can be placed to balance and encourage a healthy
microbiome in these different areas of the body. These
encapsulated bacteria are all associated with their anti-inflammatory
effect, encouraging cell renewal, improving the skin's barrier
function. The probiotics underwear are designed for disease
prevention for female intimate health due to its anti-pathogenic
action, and the base layer is encapsulated with skin commensal
bacteria which improves the body odour of the wearer. This
research not only replaces the need for anti-bacterial and chemical
finishes in our clothing but promotes the health and wellbeing of
the wearer, industry innovation and responsible consumption. Skin
Series embodies the necessity for the co-habitation of human and
non-human cells and how the entanglement of these ecologies can
work for our benefit.

MARS is a ceramic 3D printed modular system for constructing reef
habitat without the need for heavy duty equipment. The system
was originally designed by Alex in 2013 to be used in conjunction
with coral farming and reef restoration projects.
The damage to coral reefs globally is a well covered and
documented reality caused by a myriad of environmental pressures.
These include ocean acidification, river sedimentation runoff,
destructive fishing practices, invasive species and most critically of
all is coral bleaching caused by warming ocean temperatures as a
result of climate change.
One method that communities around the world are using to
restore areas of damaged coral reef is to develop underwater
farms/nurseries where various coral species can be grown and
eventually be relocated back to natural reef structure. These farms
have had varying success around the world yet the majority have
made a meaningful impact. New farming methods are constantly
being developed and are dependent on the criteria of the area
and species of coral being grown. It is common practice to use
underwater structures to grow fragged corals on such as coral trees,
bio rock structures, steel tables, pipes and concrete blocks.
MARS reimagines these farming structures as a three dimensional
lattice that can be deployed from small boats and implemented by
divers similar to an underwater lego set. This completely eliminates
the need for heavy-duty machinery (which many communities do
not have access to) but allows for a strong structure using minimal
material. The system is then built depending on the needs of the
coral farm or the restoration goal. Each unit has specially designed
surface geometry to encourage natural recruitment of juvenile
coral and to make it easier for transplanted coral to take hold.
These surfaces are 3D printed and moulded in ceramic using the
slip casting process. The hollow forms are then filled with marine
concrete and steel reinforcement. Ceramic is one of the best
transplanting materials as it is completely inert and can be moulded
with rough surfaces. Once implemented the system provides a
permanent rigid structure for transplanting coral but also acts as
habitat protection for other species in the area.
The MARS project is ongoing and we are testing how the system
can be used for a variety of other restoration applications in
different environments. We are also testing how various elements
from the project can be expanded to form new areas of research
such as reducing the energy footprint of materials used for such
structures.
It is also an important fact to note that without a significant
reduction in global CO2 emissions we will continue to see a decline
in the health of the worlds coral reefs.

Rotterdam is a low-lying port city in the delta. In times of climate crisis, the city has
to face up to acute challenges such as subsidence, water safety, extreme
precipitation, heat, and drought. But what about water use?
The average Rotterdammer consumes 119 liters of water per day - 43.435 liters per
year - directly, for everyday use. That same Rotterdammer consumes another 4,000
liters of water per day - 1.45 million liters per year - indirectly, as a consumer of
mostly imported goods such as food and clothing. This constitutes 99 per cent of
their water consumption, with 95 per cent of their water footprint being left in foreign
countries where the water conditions are often much worse than they are in the
Netherlands.
The goal of WATERSCHOOL M4H+ is to raise our awareness of our huge water
footprint and of the ways we can reduce it. The Waterschool takes this as the starting
point for the alternative "learning by doing' area development of city harbor Merwe-
Vierhavens. The (awareness of) water use becomes leverage for the collaborative
exploration of a learning production landscape, of a future that we can want in a
district in which the city plans to build some 3,000 (live-work) dwellings for
approximately 6,300 people in the near future. Focusing on three challenges that are
central to this (re)development - the production of food and energy and the design of
live-work environments - the water challenge is coupled with broader questions
about the development of the delta city and water is used as leverage to create an
integrated long-term vision. In line with the objectives of the IABR, the Waterschool
program supports the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
The Waterschool aims to promote a dialogue between science, culture and the small-
scale manufacturing industry and to superimpose a cultural framework onto the
spatial framework approved by the city and the port authority in 2019. In this way the
Waterschool will be able to take permanent root in M4H as a driving force behind a
networked learning production landscape and as a curator of a dynamically growing
future-oriented collection of (references to) work by artists, designers and (local)
businesses, a public archive that can continue to feed M4H with new insights and
developments.

WATERSCHOOL M4H+ investigates how a range of resources can contribute to
building a sustainable and circular learning environment, in order to meet the water
challenge and ensure an optimized ecological footprint for the 6,300 future residents of
Merwe-Vierhavens, M4H+. It illustrates what this new living and working environment
could look like when its development is guided by a resource use that ensures a fair
interaction between all organisms, communities, and their environment. By collecting
the results of ongoing research into those resources and how they can serve as
(building) materials and/or nutrition while having a sustainable approach to water use,
this exhibition will incrementally develop as more information pours in from M4H+.
Insects, duckweed, seaweed, wood, and fungi are the five highlighted resources that
shape the future of living in M4H+, impacting all areas of life. Starting from the basic
needs of the individual and her body, such as nutrition and water use, these resources
contribute to a new diet by suggesting the use of alternative and less water-intensive
protein sources, and thus a minimized water footprint. And when expanded to
dwelling, living, and working, and to energy and water consumption, they also generate
new sustainable building materials and energy supplies, while suggesting new types of
architecture and cultures of living.
Also, examples of other (research) projects by designers, artists, institutions, and the
green industries into the potential of the material and cultural uses of the selected
resources suggest that a new cultural framework for the area is feasible. Fungi, for
example, are a source of nutrition, but can also support humans in various stages of
their lives when used for other purposes - from fast-growing clothing and insulation for
walls to composting the human body. Duckweed can be utilized as a potential protein
source and as a water treatment agent for both households and agriculture. And
insects are not only a less water-intensive protein source, but also welcome
cohabitants and caretakers of the new culture of living in M4H+.
Adhering to a learning by doing' approach, the future production landscape M4H+
blends living and working while being designed around the prospective use of the five
resources. By gathering as well as distributing knowledge, WATERSCHOOL M4H+
operates as a catalyst for the sustainable (re)development of the area.

You use 'direct water' every day in and around the house, for
example when flushing the toilet. It is visible water and produced in
the Netherlands. Virtual water is consumed by purchasing products
that require water during the production cycle. For example, the
production of one kilo of chocolate requires over 17,000 liters
of water. This water is invisible and is mostly consumed outside
the Netherlands. Fresh water is scarce on our planet and in the
Netherlands we consume almost twice as much water as the
average world citizen. The installation INdirectly INvisible Water
increases your water awareness about virtual water consumption.
Get to work with the spatial diagram to experience your personal
water footprint. Discover what type of water your print is made up of
and discuss different action perspectives.

‘Keeping the combustion engine alive in a fossil-free future.
Uitsloot shows us an alternative vision of our future, one that
keeps the combustion engine alive and more importantly, one
that celebrates the power of do-it- vourself and the individual
agency this brings. By harvesting fuels directly from local
ponds or ditches, I try to make us aware of the processes
that are hidden away in the backgrounds of our lives and the
infrastructures that sustains us. This does not only provide
a new and more direct understanding of how desire, effort,
reward and impact balance out but also a true alternative for
our future.

During the research phase of the project Cheese Maker',
Studio Makkink & Bey looked for common threads, processes
and approaches to design in the Netherlands and India.
Similarities between The Netherlands and India are the basis
for the design. Both countries have along history of cheese
making and a history in craftsmanship such as ceramics.
Moreover, both countries have a high population density,
which resulted in a tradition of stacking houses and goods.
The tower consists of a juicer, a milk jug, a spoon, a colander,
a pan, a cutting board, a bowl, a cheesecloth and a press. The
Cheese Maker was originally created for Imperfect Design, an
organisation that pairs Dutch designers and craftspeople

There are countless notions and associations connected to
blood, the most substential being life and death, blood can
symbolize both and worlds in between. It tells a thousand
stories, steeped in meaning and mysticism. Yet, the very real
narrative of cowblood as a by-product and waste stream
remains untold. As consumers we are disconnect from the
production of goods, the slaughterhouse industry is one of
the biggest in the world, yet it remains almost invisible - this
disconnection makes it difficult to have a discussion about
the ethics of production. The work offers a platform for
confrontation and reflection regarding our relation towards
animals.

Wooden Textiles is a project that connects sustainability,
artisanal innovation and cultural diversity. Buro Belén are
interested in the material called Tapa, a cloth made out of
wood fiber traditionally created on the Pacific Islands. The
raw material for making Tapa derives from the paper mulberry
tree. Buro Belén were particularly inspired by the women of the
islands who harvest the thin layer between the tree's bark and
stem and make fibrous sheets out of it. Several layers of sheets
are glued together to form the actual Tapa. The sheets are
firstly rubbed together with sticky potatoes to make them hold.
The entire process of making Tapa requires minimum strain on
nature and the environment.

Latex is a natural polymer produced by over 12,500 plant
species. Marco Federico Cagnoni narrowed this group down to
two species Schorseneren and Paardenbloem that are ideal for
making bioplastic. Flexible and long-lasting, this material can
replace most synthetic polymers. The plants are also highly
nutritious, so you can make plastic and produce food from
the leftover leaves and roots, instead of using valuable staple
foods to make plastic as in the PLA production.

As part of the Offgrid project, (typo)graphic designers Novo
Typo / Mark van Wageningen produced a set of paper and
handsoap which is made of sawdust from Amsterdam trees.
Amsterdam Pulp is made of genuine Amsterdam poplar trees.
In the streets and parks of the city of Amsterdam there are
approximately one million trees. Unfortunately, every year an
average of 4% of these trees need to be cut down. The wood
from these felled trees is used to produce, for example, new
street furniture. The generated residual sawdust is turned into
new pulp which is the source for Amsterdam Pulp Paper and
Amsterdam Pulp Soap.

The future forest of M4H+ represents
the material that can be the first step
for the building industry to take in its
battle against climate change. The
wood production landscape visualizes
the potential of wood for M4H+ as an
alternative to the currently resource-
intensive concrete-centric building
industry. It is a resource that absorbs
CO, from the atmosphere while it grows,
but also captures it throughout the
lifespan of a biobased building. M4H+
will use specially engineered timber to
construct housing and explore wood
production processes in the fabrication
laboratory. It also intends to become
an industrial landscape and home to an
on-site CLT production line, using the
existing waterways for transport while
facilitating both living and working for
future residents.

CASKIA / Growing a MarsBoot is a project actively questioning
our 21 st century material culture, while investigating the
possibility of biofabricating functional items along space travel.
This, by feeding the living agents (i.e., fungi/mycelium) with
residual nutritious compounds from the astronauts' body, such
as for instance the sweat accumulating in astronaut's boots.
Hence, the project addresses logistic restrictions, as well
critically reflecting on notions related to reciprocity and overall
responsibility towards the consequences deriving from the
introduction of any material in any typology of ecosystem.

Pine trees are the world's main source of timber. Every year
600 million pine trees are cut down in the EU. But there is more
to the tree than just wood: pine needles account for 20 to 30
percent of its mass. Tamara Oriola researched the potentials
of unused needles and found them to be a great alternative
for fibers. With standard manufacturing techniques - crushing,
soaking, steaming, carding, binding and pressing - they can
be transformed into textiles, composites and paper, extracting
essential oil and dye in the process. An elegant series made of
nothing but pine needles, shows that this ecological material
also has a high-quality look and feel to it.

Insects are the foundation of every ecosystem. In the last 25
years, 75 percent of pollinating insects have gone extinct.
To deal with the problem, next to implementing global
governmental changes on agriculture, a switch in the mindset
towards ecosystems is necessary. Pollinating Equipment is a
proposal for new leisure activity. An activity that encourages
people to take a look at the world through the eyes of
pollinators. In this hands-on approach to raising awareness,
people can pollinate plants themselves. There's a special suit,
footwear, goggles, and finger extensions with soft brushes.
While doing the job of insects, we can open our eyes to the
need to maintain our ecosystem.

When the moral implications of a sustainable lifestyle are
framed as an individual's responsibility, seemingly small
decisions can quickly become fraught with insecurity and
guilt. '1 Avocado' is a video essay documenting a trip to the
local supermarket and the internal questions when attempting
to draw a line between the morally right and wrong. How
do we equate the value of a delicious brunch of Smashed
Avocado on Toast with the environmental implications of water
consumption, CO2, emissions and land mass used in the fruit's
production? Does it even make sense to count? Just how bad
is 1 Avocado?

The insect production landscape is
calling for humans to actively engage in
pollinating in order to experience the vital
role insects play while also integrating
food sources and housing for bees into
the area. Insects are essential for the
functioning of all ecosystems and, at the
same time, a valuable source of protein
(the production of which utilizes ten
times less water than the production of
beef). The insect production landscape
questions the way we eat, but also the
way we interact with insects. What does
the area need to attract and welcome wild
insects?
The selected projects not only anticipate
the presence of insects in M4H+ as
a valuable source of protein, but also
encourage reflection on how food
security can be increased by bringing
farming into the city.

The Hive Explorer by Livin Farms is a smart insect home that
doubles as a STEM education kit. It empowers individuals to
turn Food Waste into valuable proteins & natural fertilizer while
teaching you how you can help create a healthy planet. The
Hive Explorer brings nature indoors in a safe, regulated way
and allows you & your kids to explore the environment. The
device itself is a piece of Technology that controls the micro-
climate of the insect home, keeping it's inhabitants happy &
healthy.

Bugs' Book is a major work of Zhu Yingchun's and the result of
several years of painstakingly observing the wildlife around his
studio. Seemingly a textbook, the book does not in fact contain
a single word. Rather it is a mysterious creation of the bugs
themselves making Zhu Yingchun not creator, but discoverer
and compiler. The traces of snails, earthworms, stink bugs and
other insects, to which many turn a blind eye, are the subject
of Zhu Yingchun's gaze and his ever-expanding curiosity and
marvel.

"De Insectenbar' inspires the western world to start eating
insects. Eating insects is considered one of the solutions for
our global food crisis, and by translating the eastern. insect
cuisine into a western one we broadened the scope of western
cuisine. Their approach was to propose a new ingredient for
people to enjoy and to cook with, instead of annoying them
with the problems of our future food shortage.

The application of fungi can be integrated
into this area, which already houses
food gardens and restaurants, and is an
emerging maker district.

Architecture for Microbes is an ongoing investigation into
possible ways of peaceful interactions with microbes within
a domestic environment. It creates embodied experiences
through interaction and food preparation that shall develop
sensitivities for the life of microbiological communities. The
project follows the circular journey of the microbiologically
diverse community from the soil to our crops and the products
we make of them through processes like fermentation and
baking into food, and back to soil in the form of compost.
The ceramic vessels host numerous food fermentation
processes, each giving rise to conditions that support specific
microbiological communities that are helping us to gain the
most out of our foods - nutrients and flavour.

Studio Makkink & Bey was invited by Circular Warenhuis
to develop a prototype product that uses the residual flows
of the circular department store. The studio designed the
GLASS-works Matter series, a set of drinking glasses with a
total volume of 70 liters, the amount of water in Jurgen Bey's
body. The glasses are collected from the stocks in the shop
and engraved with delicate drawings of body organs. Each
glass retains its own history and individuality, but at the same
time forms a collection that tells the complete story with the
other glasses. The engraving is done by the personnel in the
workshop, thus learning new skills along the way.

Especially for the WaterSchool, Aliki van der Kruijs made a
school uniform using her bespoke "Made by Rain" textiles.
These textiles are made using a self-developed technique
called "pluviography". Textile is coated with a specific film that
is sensitive to water, before being put outside in the rain. There,
the drops of rain make for a location- and time-specific pattern.
As such, one can wear the weather of that specific time and
place.

A porcelain collection follows up the textile collection and
was developed during a three-month creative residency from
september-november 2017 in Arita, Japan. In a collaboration
with the potter Fukusengama, Aliki came to a process to 'draw'
on porcelain with the rain. They investigated how to achieve a
contemporary approach to traditional Arita ware and create a
modest patterning on the porcelain by using real rain together
with several experimental stages of glazing. They found a
productive and stable way to imprint and fix the desired rain
patterns. The Japanese rain is imprinted on the icon plate
from Fukusengama with a diameter of 32 cm and receives, just
like the scarfs, the notation of the location, time and weather
circumstances of exposure to the weather.

This work offers a speculative prototype of a value-building
form of fashion, in which a garment evolves through phases of
growing: producing materials as well as food for consumption.
The selected fur coats show the two from five live-use cycles
of one garment and illustrate how different species support
each other, increasing the value of a particular piece over time.
Hemp fiber mat is used as a base material for the coats.

The Pigstrument is a research tool to observe pigs' potential
interest in music and sound. While scientific research is only
starting to unravel the possibilities of animal cultures, most of
our knowledge in this field concerns domesticated animals.
Farm animals are rather considered as food. We might be
surprised that pigs are also musicians.

A myth is not an untrue story. Myths are stories that help
people to understand and imagine their environment. Instead
of myths, measuring instruments are the tools we use to
understand our environment. However, scientific information
is not often digested by society. Myths were often celebrated
and recreated in cultural events, actively engaging people. To
create a culture that understands the challen-ges of a changing
climate, we need to embrace mythical narratives.
The spectroscope mask measures air pollution and shows
the wearer the rainbow, that would normally only be inside
of the instrument. This artefact could be used in an event or
performance to embody this rainbow story and is meant as a
different aesthetic experience of measuring air pollution.

Filumio is a technology for continuous production of mycelium
leather. Fungal mycelium is an interesting component for
biobased materials due to its structural features and living
nature. Our goal is to understand mycelium both as a material
and as a collaborator for the development of sustainable
materials. In our project, we aim to find industrially scalable
processes to make new materials such as leather alternatives
from mycelium using liquid state fermentation and cellulosic
additives.

Cyanotypes of Dutch Algae: Part 1 is a project by Pai Dekkers
and Anne Leijdekkers. They are fascinated by algae and the
cyanotype process and want to share our our discoveries in
attempting to create a photographically illustrated book that
contains all the species of Dutch algae. They want to explore
the cyanotype process, question different approaches toward
nature and show the mostly hidden algae lifeforms.

Studio Klarenbeek & Dros are the first in the world who have
3D printed living mycelium, the root structure of mushrooms.
A technology they've been developing since 2011, combining
robotics with the threadlike network of fungi, local raw
biobased fibers and water. This creates the ability to robot
print and grow objects with a negative carbon footprint. Their
chair is currently part of the permanent collection of Centre
Pompidou.

Seaweed has the potential to connect
the North Sea, via the Nieuwe Maas, with
M4H+, by supplying this former harbor
area with energy. Seaweed, responsible
for the production of almost half the
oxygen in the atmosphere, could also
cover a significant part of the energy
consumption by Dutch households. Non-
arable land unsuited for agriculture, or
otherwise unusable areas in the direct
proximity of windmills, can be used
to grow seaweed, which can then be
used as biofuel. The seascape that
houses seaweed farming will become
an attraction for tourists willing to learn
about the shift of energy production
to the sea and the formation of a new
habitat for fish and other sea critters.
The seaweed production landscape
questions the utilization of seaweed
as a fuel and will therefore reshape the
production landscape of M4H+, while
also suggesting other applications like
a base for bioplastic production or a
valuable source of protein.

V1 - A Drive For Seaweed: A self-built truck to harvest, process
and cook seaweed on-site at locations across Europe. Inspiring
conversation on our food future.
V2 - Between Land And Sea: A documentary about seaweed
foraging in Cornwall, UK. As part of A Drive For Seaweed,
she worked at the Cornish Seaweed Company to learn
professionally about seaweed harvesting.

Studio Klarenbeek & Dros show new biopolymers of lab-grown
seaweed from the North Sea. Based on their expertise and
five year research on local biopolymers from micro and macro
algae (seaweed) for which they have received the New Material
Award. The lab propagated seaweed embryo's are grown
further in open waters, by the seaweedfarmers, cleaning our
water whilst stimulating biodiversity and absorbing carbon. The
final materials are eco-compatible and an alternative and 1 to 1
replacer for fossil non-degradable plastics.

Commissioned by Rijkswaterstaat, Studio Buiten Werking
developed a series of scale models of light buoys in the
Wadden Sea. The ceramic objects were each unique because
of the 'real' boei number. This can be found on the included
card. For example, each buoy represented one specific
buoy from the area where, thanks to the many tidal flats, the
most buoys per square kilometer are located worldwide. The
series of ceramic buoys are used by Rikswaterstaat as an
anniversary gift for the celebration of the 100th anniversary of
the 'barrel shed' on Terschelling.

Since 2015 Atelier NL have created eight different ZandGlas
editions, all made by fusing locally sourced sand collected
from different regions in the Netherlands and Europe. Atelier
L choose locations with a particular geological, historical, and
social significance, in order to create glass objects that also
carry these narratives. The resulting colours and textures of
the glass are distinct to the sand's chemical composition and
region of origin.

Insectology: Food for Buzz is a series of artificial flowers to
serve as an emergency food source for city dwelling insects.
By using spaces where normal flowers can't grow, Food for
Buzz aims to revive and restore insect populations. Together
with engineers and scientists these 5 colourful. man-made
flowers have been developed to be self-sustaining and
continuously producing natural objects that form the ultimate
attractions to those of the big 5. Adjusted to the length of their
tongues, faceted eyes and shape of preference, these flowers
aim to take over all unused empty spots and therefore bringing
back the buzzing and fluttering sounds of those small creatures
we can't ever miss in our cityscape.

The Post-Labouratory is an answer to the rapid automation of
labour and the resulting cultural crisis. It liberates us from the
idea of the necessity of labour and supports us in discovering
our true desires. It offers participants the possibility to abolish
their job by developing a robot that does their labour with the
engineering help of post-labour companions.

Kadans 2.0 is a research project examining how the motion of
the sea can be a direct source for an ever-changing weaving
pattern. The ongoing project sprouts from a shared curiosity
for invisible natural processes and using these as a source
of information for the development of patterns and materials.
Textile production is combined with sciences including
oceanography and mathematics, constructing a soft output of
hard data generated by the motions of waves at sea.

"Infrastructures of care" is a greywater filtration system that
operates through gravity and biology. Reflecting upon the idea
of "care" and its manifold dimensions, the installation revolves
around the notion of soap as a diluting, fluid, and untraceable
object. By relating domesticity with the city's metabolism,
the background research mapped a series of dynamics and
conflicts by juxtaposing vernacular technologies, biological
elements, and industrialized everyday objects. The city
is approached as a complex body within which different
metabolic systems occur on different scales and through
different agents. Thus, by acknowledging the contemporary
condition of the landscape, filtration becomes a metaphor for
breaking down complexity.

The MUDERNISM collection celebrates prehistoric design
icons. Glazed with materials extracted from modern
wastewater treatment. All living species drink water, but we
as humans elevated ourselves above plants and animals by
designing objects in which we give shape to the water before
we drink it. Archaeologists discovered ceramic designs from
around 6368 Before Present buried in the Dutch earth. Studio
Billie van Katwijk pays homage to this pioneering Dutch design
with a reimagining of a classic: the funnel beaker. We glaze
the ancient mudshape with the residue of latest scientific
explorations.

The duckweed production landscape
envisions humans and animals living
together in the M4H+ neighborhood.
Duckweed is a valuable plant-based
protein source that can be used as
animal fodder for herbivorous fish,
chicken, cows, and pigs, and is also
considered a potential nutrient source for
humans. Providing urban and agricultural
wastewater treatment, duckweed
facilitates the integrated cohabitation
of humans and animals, strengthening
their relationship and enabling conscious
consumption of animal products.
The selected projects propose the
ways in which duckweed production
landscapes can be integrated into living
areas, as well as how they can be farmed
and applied as a source of energy and
material.

Water lentils found on streams and canals can be a sign
of polluted waters bodies caused by extensively practiced
fertilization processes. Integrating the plant into the context
of agriculture and livestock management, can improve both
the social economical and ecological situation. Growing on
phosphorus- and nitrate-polluted waters, the protein-rich plant
purifies the wastewater of dairy production from the excretions
of the animals. A tube-based cultivation system allows a local
production of the water lentils, which can be used as feed
for the cows or transformed into the production of various
biomaterials.

‘Silent Messengers' is an installation of fifty kites that form
a still hanging flock of geese on the horizon. The goose is
a controversial inhabitant on Terschelling; the population is
growing rapidly and resides a longer time during the year. On
one hand, the birds adorn the landscapes, on the other hand,
their presence endangers the island. The geese only act from
natural instinct; they choose the landscape because of its
conditions. For centuries these birds announce the seasonal
change, but what does it mean that they're staying longer
every year? Do they only take up space, or do they also herald
climate and landscape change?

SAM is a Symbiotic Autonomous Machine that employs water
kefir grains to produce a beverage, acting as a small scale
automated food production system. Notions of profit, or even
greed, are superfluous and SAM produces at cost, reimburses
debt and pays bills as a single economic entity with yet no
legal status.

In the citizen science project Stiemerlab, tests are being done to
monitor the "health" of the Stiemer. The tests that are now carried
out there are not that different from how we examine the human
body. But even after scientific examination, it is often difficult to
assess the condition. Especially since it is difficult to reduce all these
different results to one image or result. The question arises whether
we should not bring all the tests together and see things in a less
scientific light from time to time.
What if we could take an even closer look, observe it from the
inside? Wouldn't that give us a better picture that we could
communicate? It is difficult to crawl into the human arteries, but
in the Stiemer we can take a deep dive. With our research vessel,
which is specially adapted to navigate the Stiemerbeek in ideal
conditions, we can take a closer look at the entire vein. After all, it
is difficult to skip sections once we are in. We can determine the
situation very locally by bringing all the information together and
signaling with flags. The ship and the mood of the crew are also a
good touchstone. The logbook is a meticulous record of the ship's
activities, but if the conditions are not ideal and the ship becomes
aground, we will find it hard to hide. At those moments we need
help from outside; from the people of Genk. If, on the other hand,
the water becomes attractive for swimming, the crew will not hold
back, and that does not go unnoticed either.

The "health" of the Stiemer is directly influenced by the waste
ending up in the stream. By scavenging materials in local trash
collection sites for the basis of our research vessel we reduce our
footprint and combat waste with waste. As luck would have it, we
found a metal frame that permitted us to make a modular raft which
converts to a sleeping, eating and resting place.

The (seemingly) ludic procession, invited by-passers to interact with
the expedition team and become part of the growing support
team of locals. This made them engage directly with the Stiemer
and hopefully punctured the bad image the little stream has. In
this way we try to strengthen a community that wants to take care
of their waterways. We believe that you can sense the health of a
community by looking at its water.

Recently, Valerie van Leersum hiked through the Stiemer Valley.
Sometimes alone, sometimes with biologists, historians, landscape
experts or occasional passers-by. She collected plants, took
photographs of water samples, tracked down Stiemer products
and conversed with convivial Stiemerlabbers (citizen scientists who
monitor the water quality).
During these walks and encounters, she recognised five faces in
the area: 'The Source of the Brook', 'The Straight Brook', 'The Free
Brook' 'The Brook as a Flowstone' and 'The Redemptive Brook'.
She portrayed these faces by way of collected photos, found
objects and texts, which are the ingredients of the work.
There are five installations/3D collages that reveal the diverse faces
of the area. Portraits that make what is not immediately visible,
visible. Inviting the visitor and passer-by to listen to what 'A Brook
Knows'
Each work is linked to a legend that reveals the stories behind the
visible.
The entire artwork harks back to old-fashioned biology school slides
by M.A. Koekoek where parts of nature were carefully illustrated.
Sharing knowledge, enthusiasm and hidden stories gets people
involved and reminds them that everything is connected.
Stiemerlab (https://stiemerlab.be/) is a citizen science project that aims to map
the water quality of the Stiemerbeek in Genk. This is a collaboration between
LUCA | School of Arts, VITO, Centre for Environmental Sciences - UHasselt, the
City of Genk, and Flemish Environment Agency (VMM) with support from the
Flemish Government.
The work on display was realised in response to an open call for designers,
artists and collectives to develop an artistic intervention in or around the public
space of the Stiemer Valley, using data on water quality as its starting point,
during their residency. This was made possible by LUCA | School of Arts and the
S+T+ARTS4Water consortium.

The Arctic is often seen as an inhospitable place where life and
resources are scarce. Yet, the frozen ground underneath the
tundra contains a wealth of bacteria. This source of microbial
biodiversity has been encapsulated in ice for thousands of
years. Huge quantities of carbon-rich organic matter are another
frozen asset. They are the remnants of plants and animals that
once thrived here when the atmosphere was much warmer.
Now that the effects of human-induced climate change
become more visible, our common perception of the Arctic
mainly focuses on the melting sea ice. But major changes
also happen on land. The ground starts to thaw and long-
dormant bacteria have awakened, unlocking and releasing
large amounts of organic carbon into the atmosphere.
Blurring the boundaries between geological past and imminent
future, this project studies and visualises the information stored
in this frozen archive before it disappears forever. Using three
different scales, the video installation shows the transformation
of an Arctic lake from winter to summer, revealing how
methane and carbon dioxide are released into the atmosphere.
The fictional landscape is produced using low-impact
materials, such as road salt, water and recycled polyester.
The work contributes to a better world by attempting to
translate complex scientific findings into an accessible
visual format. It proposes art as a relevant medium for the
communication of information, in order to spark interest
in the audience around climate change themes.

LOOK UP AND SEE
THE
WIND
THAT
MAKES ME BREATH

Our project is about the dualities of creating a space of shelter,
a safe haven called home and the contrast of not being able to
find it. In between this composition where everything is under
construction, we build our identities together where multiple layers,
insides and outsides, and the mobility of a house are all corporated.
Something we all already do in other aspects of our life is recycle.
Why not take this way of living and weave it into our art practice. So
that reusing old work comes naturally. We hope to inspire people to
not only recycle clothes or trash but also art. At the moment we are
still experimenting with found/given materials. In our processes we
pledge to reuse and use materials that have minimal or no impact
on our environment. Not only are we using recycled and sustainable
materials, We also ask questions like why not just reuse old ideas...

"IT'S-A-LIAF' is a co-creation installation in which we challenge
people to achieve success in creating something that is
unachievable; a perfect world! Can you make a difference? Prove
it, and you will be rewarded unimaginable fame and fortune!
Let's step together and see what this experience can bring.

Mixed-media installation; a combination of physical "building
blocks" that interact with a digital world-building experience.
The process of the installation is an integral part of the way of
working. On the one hand we want to create an experience
that challenges visitors to fail, experiment and create, but on
the other hand failure is a concept that is deeply rooted in the
making of this installation. Failure is the only way to salvation.
It's a user experience where we want the user to feel that
they grew during the level +1 and +2. The installation floats
between a physical installation and an immersive experience.
The materials we'll use depends on the co-creation process
of the installation. That way we keep experimenting and
failing at the forefront of the project. Together, on a blank
canvas, we co create by failing an experience about failing

We are worried! Failure in this day and age is a taboo concept.
nobody wants it, jet everybody experiences it at moments
when they least expect it. Our installation will show, interact
and reflect on the experience of failure. We want to show that
failing is embedded in our current society and is an important
part of self-development. Everybody deals differently with
failure, yet everybody deals with it. Let's make sure, keep our
sanity and not lose it over unattainable goals that don't exist.
When you visit the Design Festival, our Installation will guide
form Growing while getting you ready for flowing.
The process towards this installation is done through a co-creative
process with a diverse group of people. The weeks before the
design fest we sweat and toil in the lab. We think about the
theme, the opportunities and limitations that come along with it
and end up with an interactive installation at the design fest. That
learning process is part of the DNA of Nerdlab. We bring together
enthusiasts with different skills to experiment together within the
framework of art and technology. With creative, technical and social
skills, we believe we can shape the world the way we want it to be.

Looking good today! Want to admire yourself a little more in our
infinity mirror box? We are sure you will see sides of yourself you
never saw before.
Expierencing this installation only takes five minutes. Put on the
headphones inside the box and listen closely.

IT'S-A-LIAF is a conceptual installation developed by
Florian Van De Voorde, Melis Deveci, Elke Rondenbosch, Siebe
Jansegers, Weronika Gajda, Joris Francken, Bavo De Kuysscher
and Roland Pauwels. This project is a co-creation installation
facilitated by Nerdlab.

This installation is a first of many experiments. This time
throughout the conceptualisation of this installtion we tried
to compose an experiencential space for everyone. We see
it as the start of something bigger. To improve this installa-
tion we need feedback. Write/draw down your feedback and
toughts so we can add a new chapter to this project in the
future.

This exhibition retraces part of an adventure that began five
years ago. At the heart of this project is a marine plant with a
thousand and one properties: algae.
Despite its many virtues, it does present a number of problems.
The enrichment of water with nutrients has caused an ab-
normal proliferation of algae on the beaches of Brittany and
Guadeloupe, where they form piles of polluting, toxic organic
matter. The aim of the Alga project is to turn this local waste into
a positive and sustainable resource. The challenges inherent
to this research lie in setting up a network of stakeholders and
establishing the processes necessary for the development of
different types of materials and forms. Samuel Tomatis first
worked with seaweed in an artisanal way and then became
interested in the intrinsic composition of the material. This led
him to instigate numerous collaborations with specialists from
the world of biology, science and ecology.
Based on the characteristics of the different species of algae, the
designer has defined a number of applications such as furniture,
lighting, horticultural tools, construction materials, industrial
products, containers for food, packaging and textiles.
Tomatis invites us to come and can discover this collaborative
interdisciplinary adventure today, located at a variety of sites.

As a member of the unique UNESCO Creative Cities
Network, Designregio Kortrijk sets high value on
the exchange of knowledge and experience.
We like to be inspired by the partners of the network on
how we can bring innovation and design in general and
priority policy themes such as sustainability and ecology in
particular to the general public in an accessible manner.
In 2020, we introduced the project DESIGN IN SHOPS
and Commerce Design for which we gained inspiration
in UNESCO partner cities Montréal and Detroit.
With DESIGN IN SHOPS, we want to strengthen local
businesses, which should have a positive impact on the
mobility behaviour of consumers and thus reduce the
ecological footprint of people's buying behaviour.
The DESIGN IN SHOPS project encourages and supports
shop owners to renew or reorganise their shop, improve the
window display, improve visibility or carry out other creative
interventions together with a designer. Designregio Kortrijk is
responsible for the link between the owners and designers
With DESIGN IN SHOPS, the City of Kortrijk and Designregio
Kortrik want to give colour to Kortrijk as a city of innovation and
design. Each participating retailer receives a grant as financial
support from the City of Kortrijk and Interreg France-Wallonie-
Vlaanderen. This project is a concrete result of the fact that
the City of Kortrijk is a member of the Unesco Creative Cities
Network thanks to our close ties with the cities of Detroit and
Montréal. In this project, we are cooperating with the cities
of Tournai, Mons and Lille. Forty Kortrijk traders or hospitality
businesses will be supported financially and encouraged to
call on the services of a designer. With the Commerce Design
Awards, we are putting the soot iaht on those businesses
that have recently innovated with the help of a designer.
Following the DESIGN IN SHOPS project, we are organising
the Commerce Design Awards. The award competition is
aimed at merchants who have invested in the architecture
and commercial design of their businesses in recent
years, making the city and its suburbs more lively, unique
and attractive for both residents and visitors.
We want to reward these efforts and put the creative and
innovative businesses and designers in the spotlight.
Designregio Kortrik started in 2005 as a collaboration between Intermunicipal
Leiedal. Chamber of Commerce Voka West-Flanders, City of Kortrik,
University college Howest and Biennale Interieur. Together we organise
proiects that stimulate creativity, innovation and entrepreneurship,
We
inspire by bringing good practices and connect by being the engine of
a network of companies, designers, education and public space.
Thanks to our large experience in this field, in the autumn
2017 the Kortrik region had the opportunity
/ To Join a worldwide
network of 295 cities that use creativity as a lever for sustainable
development: the UNESCO Creative Cities Network.

We Harvest Wind is an interactive installation created to open
the dialogue on the importance of renewable energy, The work
is based on the recently published CA Life Cycle Assessment)
report ov Polestar that revealed that an Electric Venice becomes
@ramaticav more sustainable if it's charged with renewable
energy. Most people aren't aware of this. It's an important
conversation to have and a good opportunity for Polestar and This
biersteker to colaborate and raise awareness around the topic
With We Harvest Wine Biersteker shows and lets Us feel that the
transition towards sustainable energy lies in our own hands. As
humanity is the only species that uses wind to generate energy
harvesting
wind is not an ene
rgy revolution, it's an evolution

When vou direct
wind at the kinetic wind work.
the different
elements move to
harmonieus new world that
could be created with the use of renewable energy at its
care. Offering a glimpse of a future that might be
The interactive installation is produced using sustainable
high-end and high percentage recyclable materials. This makes
the work easy to recudle and the materials readv to use in new
ways for the generations to come, when awareness about the
energy Transition is no langer needed. The 3D-printed inner
olades are made from recvced PET our old water bottles.
The material for the outer olades is discovered in collaboratior
with Polestar's sustainable design team. The Biodegradable
coating with a structure of flax makes it lightweight and
resistant and is shortlisted to appear in the cars to come.

This Biersteker creates Interactive awareness installations
about the world's most pressing issues todav. In his work he
seamless v combines scientific research and new technologies
to deliver an empowering experience that Is accessible both
intellectuallv and technologicallv. His immersive art installations.
ofen described as eco- or awareness art, turn the Impact or
topics like climate change. air pollution, ocean Dlastic and the
Anthropocene Into tangible experiences that travel the world to
create awareness. His collaborations with Scientists and universities
around the world lead to a fluid mixture or data, sensors.
living trees, kinetic motion, big data VIsualizations and recycled
plastics that make people reel theracts again. Woven Studio is
sustainable hi-end art and consultancy studio that works with
universities. scientists, research aroups, museums and architects
to communicate their scientific facts In an Immersive way.

Throuan three we -known proiects in Ghent. Jansen shows
VIa Harvest Bay Where the hidden profit les that is normally
lOST. Architectural projects are Otten reallsed With Customised
solutions. Ins creates residual flows that normally remain invisiole
and ultimately become waste. Harvest Bay, a collaborative
consortium consisting of designers, manufacturing companies
and dismantling companies, wants to offer a solution for this,
Through urban minina. Ihe blattorm uses its own Harvest Map
to keep track of where there are reusable materials available for
poTendl new users. In ThIs Way, the original materlals
canoe
used in a wav that thev were nor originally
designed for. An old
facade can become a table.
or a window
profe a
Harvest Bay is a group of designers, manufacturing companies
and dismantling companies for steel and wood that gor Involved
win each other through an open call or
Circular Elanders/OVAM
to design a materials hub of the future. The second hand shop
for building materials, so to speak. Jansens steel taçade systems
have been used in the building environment for more than half
a century, and timber also offers an infinite tow. If vou are open
by Tinding new Out or the box combinations together.
building materials remain in the reuse cycle. And it doesn't stop at
timber and stee on. Manv more materials and combinations are
conceivable. Just look at the installation of The Exoloded View, here
in the museum. In addition
to circular Jansen steel it showcases
various techniques and oroducts that are comblete v biobased
In order to apolv the concept or reusabiltv successfullv. there
Is a need for designers with a creatve and open mind towards
the future. In the coming vears, circu aritv will oe seen as the
new normal. Today's building economy is still due for the big
change. b designing materials with an areadvlow environmental
impact to reuse and by building in a demountable way, we
de
doing what Is needed on a large scale. I he old masters.
suen
as Henri van de velde or Jean Prouve, areaov applied these
princioles. Under the pressure or economic arowth and excescive
consumotion.
these well-considered princioles that focus on
our environment have been forgotten. Using examples from
our own surroundings, we show that much
already possible
todav. Residual flows from the new Ghent Courthouse found
their way into new bullding oroects and van de Veldes Book
Tower provides material for a bookcase, or is it a wine cabinet?
Jansen has been active as a supplier of steel facade systems for more than half a
century. A few iconic Ghent projects bear witness to this: the Boekentoren, the
Winter Circus, the visitors' centre at St Bavo's Cathedral, the Old Fish Market and
The new unenr Courthouse. I nrough intensive cooperation with architects and the
academic world, we discovered the potential of reusing our svstems over time
Jansen believes in the power of a collaborative network and
wants to contribute
To the reuse or bullding materlals such as steel and wood. The Desian Museum
Gent
challenges us to otter
intelligent designs that combine sustainability and
desian. After al, our future should radiate aesthetics
and technological genius.

This sofa and chairs were displayed
in 1958 at an exhibition of the Province of
Antwerp about arts and crafts at the Brussels
World Expo. The ground floor of the Antwerp
pavilion was laid out as an open sitting area
and study The sofa was centrally positioned
the chairs were at the desk of the pavilion's
hostesses. In the 1950s, Alfred Hendrickx was
praised for his qualitative modern designs for
the Mechelen-based company Belform. This
furniture had already been exhibited a year
earlier at the third Salon of Modern Social
Furniture at this museum.

The upholstery of the sofa had lost
its original shape. Seat filling had been added
in a rather unconventional manner during an
earlier, amateur restoration. Instead of using
jute webbing, the restorer used a plate to keep
everything in place. As a result, the seat looked
very puffy, whereas Hendrickx had designed
a flat, level seat. We tried to approximate his
design with our restoration. Moreover, the
polyurethane foam in the armchairs and sofa
had hardened, becoming brittle. We replaced
this chemically unstable material with two
stable materials, restoring the seat's firmness.

The fabric of the chairs is the original
fabric. We did not find older holes of nails when
we dismantled the chairs. The fabric is still in
good condition and is not discoloured, which
s remarkable We know that the sofa was re-
upholstered after intensive use during the World
Expo. We retained the fabric during the current
restoration, repairing and stabilising tears and
holes where necessary.

Typo Belgièque aims to outline the visual design identity
of Belgium in the nineteenth and twentieth century, by
undertaking a thorough analysis of recently discovered type
material of until now unknown Belgian type foundries, and
shed a light on this missing link in the typographic history
and identify of Belgium, the Low Countries and Europe.
By studying historical Belgian typeface families, and exploring
possibilities to reconstruct a Belgian visual identity via digital
font technologies, a new collection of digital fonts is being
designed and developed as an important practical design
output of Typo Belgièque. A unique selection of authentic
printing types will be used as the source of inspiration and the
ultimate goal is to revitalize these as digital computer fonts for
contemporary use in (Belgian) publishing and media design.
These new and exclusive font families will be developed following
the most recent variable font technologies, to secure a high level
of legibility and optimal use for dynamic, responsive web- &
screen typography in every form of digital publication.
Typo Belgièque is a two-year practice oriented scientific research
project (PWO), led by Jo De Baerdemaeker, at LUCA | School of
Arts, Visual Design, Research unit LABO Pro. More information can
be requested via jo@studiotype.be and www.typobelgieque.be.

It is our social duty to contribute to a sustainable
environment. Together with citizens, governments,
fellow entrepreneurs, organisations, ... we must
take initiatives for the benefit of our planet.
ete
No empty promises and descriptions, but concrete
examples typify sustainability within Igepa's
working methods and corporate culture.

One of these examples is our eco-buddy.
The Ecobuddy works with us to improve paper recycling.
The principle: your employees collect their old paper in
the small Ecobuddy and empty it into the large version of
the Ecobuddy. When the large box is full, you let us know
and we undertake to take it back with us when we come
to deliver. The old paper is made into new, 100% recycled
paper. This way, we help you recycle without extra truck
miles... and therefore without extra CO2 emissions.
Igepa is also the initiator of the Paper is Nature project.
This aims to dispel many misconceptions.
More info on www.paperisnature.com
Of course nature is under pressure but paper is NOT the cause
of this. On the contrary, more forests are being planted in
Europe than are disappearing. If forests are disappearing, it is
mainly due to excessive agriculture and commercial purposes.
Did you know that.....
paper is one of the most circular
products because each sheet of paper is used up to 7 times!

lgepa Be lux is
a specialized distributor of graphic and visual
communication, office paper, packaging and cleaning products
Igepa has more than 300 enthusiastic employees who strive to
advise and assist our customers on a daily basis and is part of
the German Igepa Group, active in more than 25 countries with
,500 employees and a turnover of over 1.8 billion euro.
Igepa is a modern, profitable and well-organized company that is fully
committed to the People, Planet & Profit story of the United Nations. Not only
do we invest in human capital, we are also committed to the environment.

With the first engine of the EVOLVE range, ABC opens up a new route towards
a green future for maritime transportation. We present the combustion engine
of the next century, whatever the fuel.
The 4EL23 is the first medium-speed engine to face the transition from
fossil-based to zero-carbon head-on. We are changing the game.
With EVOLVE, we innovate uncertainty and unpredictability out of the equation.

For more than 100 years, Anglo Belgian Corporation (ABC)
has been committed, here in Ghent, to producing reliable
and innovative engines and generator sets for use in
shipping, locomotives, and power stations around the world.
By relying on passion, knowledge and entrepreneurship
passed on from generation to generation, ABC is able
to grow year after year. We invest again and again in
production and added value at the site in Ghent.
ABC frontrunner in Cleantech
Will ports, just like cities, become low-emission zones? Will
hydrogen replace all other fuels? The future is not yet completely
clear... agility is needed! The brand new and innovative EVOLVE
engine platform provides answers. EVOLVE simplifies the
energy transition from conventional to new and future fuel
types. With the unique EVOLVE engines ABC wants to help
its business partners on
I their wav to zero-emission. hese
multi-fuel engines offer the best efficiency for any fuel type.
The first engine in the range is a compact but very powerful
medium-speed 4-cylinder engine: the EVOLVE 4EL23.

JoIn US!
Our commitment is always to the customer and is focused on helping
them to make future-oriented choices. That is why we are currently
expanding our workshop and production capacity together
Win
Ar team
in Ghent. This is where new solutions are born.
To stimulate our sustainable growth, we are therefore perm
looking for motivated employe
•es wIth a passion
A WayS
welcome!

Pars pro toto is a leading design agency based in Ghent.
Over the last 25 years we have grown into a full-service design
agency, specializing in supporting and managing innovation
for companies, ngo's and official governments. We help
our customers detect possibilities to expand, where to go
in the future and how to get there. We turn ideas into new
products people desire, atmospheres people enjoy and stories
people pass-on. Our design work brings about important
changes in our clients. It strengthens their core business.
The quiding principle of our development approach is
Design Thinking: problem-solving strategies that combine 3
crucial skills. Empathy in a wider customer context. Creativity
when generating new insights and solutions. Rationality
to analyze the feasibility of the proposed solutions.

Timbr pairs trees with builders. It creates a framework
for companies and sole traders active in the green and
wood sector, who want to sell their residual flow of solid
wood in an easy and effective way, and links them to
designers, carpenters, artists or handy DIYers.

Residual flows from the wood industry often get burned
straight away. WOOD-DESIGN, however, proves that
there is a lot of potential for other applications. We let
five designers collaborate with five companies from the
wood sector, to make design from these residual products.
The brilliant result is waiting behind this door.
WOOD-DESIGN, an initiative of BOS+, Flanders DC and Hout
Info Bois, hopes to make designers and wood companies
think about the circular economy. Lesser-used timber species
or wood with fungal attacks, which have little use in the
traditional wood industry, contain a lot of usefulness for a
creative mind. And just like the natural cycles in forests, waste
wood can be given a second life. Why not a second life that
enhances biodiversity and contributes to a greener future?
WOOD-DESIGN is the result of a collaboration between 5 designers and
5 wood companies. Studio Plastique, NAUWAU, Utilise.Objects, Ellen
Comhaire and Frederik Delbart were welcomed with open arms and
open minds by houthandel Vercruysse, Marc Goossens, Cohout, IDE
Woods and Thys Hout. Everything was made possible by the guidance of
nature organisation BOS+, Flanders DC and Hout Info Bois, with financial
support from Vlaanderen Circulair, Unilin Panels and Habo Belgium.

Full of wonder and admiration for the whims and
shapes of nature, I came to these two results,
where the
uniqueness of a tree and industry meet. Imperfection plays
the leading role in these designs.

Full of wonder and admiration for the whims and
shapes of nature, I came to these two results, where the
uniqueness of a tree and industry meet. Imperfection plays
the leading role in these designs.

Poplar became the collective's 'carte blanche'. They
implemented the positive properties of the wood in the
architecture sector, competing with similar materials and
compounds in softwoods.

With residual flows, a twofold result is obtained for
both
public spaces and private gardens. Function and
aesthetics become one,
improving biodiversity is the
overarching goal.

+52 is
stepstool designed to exist in multiple
species of wood. The object is conceived as a scenario that
accomodates a multitude of local or global wood species
and their inherent properties.

HITCH is a story about connections. Our HITCH-
tools make it child's play to connect all kinds of sheet
materials in order to create numerous temporary
solutions that can be (dis-) assembled in no time.
HITCH also acts as a platform to connect local creatives.
By inviting others to the playground, we gradually discover
a whole range of new possibilities. For this special occasion,
we called in a few Ghent-based architects who started
experimenting with the connectors via the HITCHLab.
All parts of the setups are 100% re-usable for any future
purposes. A straightforward tool in stainless steel to recuperate,
build & rebuild without harming any of the used materials. Stay
tuned, as we are currently working on a bunch of variations
to provide plenty more modular building possibilities.
Our production process connects a variety of local stake-
holders in a circular service model. We strive for improved
partnerships and better streamlined processes amongst
these different actors to further minimize waste, reclaim
materials on a broader scale & shorten the supply chain.

We design, prototype & produce carbon neutral products.
produce carbon neutral thermoplastic compounds.
develop machinery for sustainable thermoplastic processing.
advise companies to set realistic sustainable goals.

The SDG group based in Sint-Denijs (Zwevegem) is convinced
that plastics play an important role in the circular economy.
The SDG group has been active for 20 years to develop
and produce sustainable plastic granules. With our team
of engineers, we provide services to our customers
to define and calculate their sustainability.
We help our customers with product innovation and ecologic
design of materials based on the climate impact of these products.
Greenhouse gas emissions are calculated and each
product is given its product carbon footprint, which
allows us to map the sustainability of plastics.

We offer our customers 4 product groups for different
processing processes of plastics such as injection
moulding, extrusion and roto-moulding.

All products have a positive impact on the climate.

We dare to claim that the SDG Group is fighting climate change,
both with our products and with our services. Our main objective
is to indicate and calculate the sustainability of plastics.
We offer our customers compounds with reduced CO2
emissions as well as CO2 neutral products based on
bio-based fillers, bio-plastics or recycled plastics.
We develop , eco-designing our products to
reduce the impact on our environment.

The "Filter Project" illustrates the abilities of neurodiverse people.
Various neurodiverse participants are interviewed to share how
they see and shape the world, how they make sense of today's
complexity and organize their life and work by developing
their own tools, methods, lenses, or "filters". With the intent of
engaging all kinds of people, neurodiverse and not, and to raise
the awareness about neurodiversity in a performative and engaging
way, the "filters" will take various 2D or 3D shapes that can be
presented in passive or active formats. The "filters" are a snapshot
of individuals in particular times and contexts. They do not claim
to provide definitive and static renderings of neurodiversity but to
capture a moment of its ever-evolving, multifaceted nature. During
Design Fest Gent, the "filters" will alternatively be displayed in
a still exhibit at the Design Museum, shared in live performance
in or outside the museum, or propped in street interventions.
Unblock.Space thrives on reinventing the design process
for and by neurodiverse people, making it less linear, more
participative, and open to unusual influences and point-of-views.
Unblock.Space provides the experience of design projects to
people who usually do not have access to it. It believes that
the power of design and making can be used to help people
find their voice and take place in the world. Unblock.Space
was started by François Chambard of Brooklyn-based design
practice UM Project with the help of Daisy Dawson, a designer
in the making and neurodiversity activist. François and Daisy
met while studying at Design Academy Eindhoven, where they
first presented and performed the "Filter Project" in 2019.

'KVLOERU MR' (= colour + form) is a building game for
children and young people. The colourful objects come from
daily life, but are also all linked to forms in the work of Jan van
Eyck. You can use them to make blue mountains, fluorescent
towers, cheerful cities... Anything your imagination dictates.
After the exhibition, 'K V L O E R U M R' returns to
where it came from. The objects end up back in the
sorting centre of De Kringwinkel Ateljee, and the playing
floor made of recycled foam is recycled again.

'MyMachine' is a unique, multi-award-winning methodology,
running in one school year and consisting of three steps:
Children in Primary Classes invent their "Dream Machine".
Anything goes, as long as they really, really want it.
Together with University Students, they translate the Idea into a
Concept. With the help of Technical Secondary/Vocational Students,
they build a Working Prototype. And this happens with many
schools at the same time.
Together they invent dream machines like the Turning-Bunk-Bed
(better known as the-never-have-to-discuss-anymore-who-gers-To-
sleep-on-top-machine), the home-work-making-machine, the-jump-
to-the-moon-machine,
the chase-awav-the-evil-ahosts-from-under
my-bed-machine, the food-for-everyone-machine, and many more
The MyMachine Global Foundation is a non-profit organisation,
growing its unique methodology worldwide, using social franchise
partnerships. Our local partners set up the unique collaboration
of a educational levels in their country
as a loca MyMachine
Chapter. Today MyMachine has 12 Chapters on 3 continents.
Building creative contidence around the world
More than ever betore
our world needs new ideas, new concepis
new answers. And these come trom people
wno are contident to
use their imagination, think outside of silos, and be insoired by the
possibility of improving our society. In 'MyMachine', students learn
that you can bring any idea to life; you can do this by collaborating,
respecting each other's talents, and being persistent and resilient.
'MyMachine' builds creative confidence. The participating
students learn that their ideas matter and can make a difference.
MMachine' creates the opportunity for students to learn that
having ideas is
essential. I hat vou shouldn+ be
, arraid to exoress
your ideas, even if they sound a bit weird or challenging in
the beginning. They learn what it takes to brina an idea tc
life; for educators to experience the power or project-based
learnina. We show them that
naving a more creative.
design-
thinking, maker-centred-learning approach is feasible within
the rigid context of education. They participate in an
open
education process that proves to students that what happens in
a classroom can impact -and has links to- the real world. That's
the pivotal moment students realise that MyMachine - and
thus, education - brings them skills they can use for
life.
Whether you want to solve a challenge in your job or
neighbourhood, create something fun, start your own company
or if vou wish to come up with a solution for something
personal or a global issue, it all begins with finding the
confidence to express your ideas and bring them to life. This
is where (in the words of Harvard University)
"'MyMachine
delivers the I can do that perspective to all participants”.

Maize comes from Mexico, but the number of native varieties has
declined sharply. Only the original population is still growing them.
In the village of Tonahuixtla, where many Mixtecs live, Fernando
Laposse is trying to preserve the often very colorful varieties.
He is with the support of CIMYYT, the world's largest seed bank
for maize. After the harvest, the husks are processed by local
women into a colourful biomaterial called 'Totomoxtle', which is
suitable for, among other things, a veneer for wall cladding.

The Desmet-Guequier cotton spinning mill operated
here until 1975. Noisy machines, hard-working workers
and carts carrying yarn reels filled this production
hall. The old floor the typical saw-tooth roof and the
smell of machine oil are silent witnesses to this vibrant
textile legacy.
This exhibition explores an eventful history, focused on
the textiles industry. Twelve accounts from entrepreneurs,
traders and workers take you on a journey through time,
from 1650 to the present. Three centuries of working, living
and surviving. A universal story of people and machinery
and how they changed the world around us.

The cochineal bug is a small insect that the Aztecs processed into
carmine red, the brightest natural dye in existence. Fernando
Laposse used carmine to colour sisal, the fires of the agave
plant. The pinkish hue was created by adding lemon juice
and baking powder. Together with the textile artist Angela
Damman, he created, among other things, this hammock in
a traditional Maya design. The fibres are made and woven
by members of a community from the Yucatán peninsula.

"Did you know that the brightest natural red colour comes from an
insect? Did you know that this insect comes from a cactus? Are you
aware that this insect changed the world?" - Fernando Laposse
'The Secret of Red' is a new installation by Fernando Laposse that
deals with the history of the world's most vivid colour by telling
its story of sabotage, power and possession. Laposse is a specialist
in transforming the humble natural materials of overlooked
fibres into sophisticated design pieces. He carries out extensive
research into the materials he chooses to work with, investigating
their cultural history and understanding the connections they
have with the people that look after their natural habitats.
In 'The Secret of Red', Fernando Laposse has been uncovering
the ways in which a mere insect has changed the world we live
in, the street we walk on, and the clothes we wear. This insect
is the cochineal, and its home is the nopal cactus (commonly
referred to as the prickly pear cacti) that is native to Mexico
and the American Southwest. Female cochineals are the source
of a vibrantly alluring dye that comes from their production
of carminic acid. This dye was discovered by Mesoamericans,
who considered it to be sacred and used it to stain their
buildings and adorn their bodies during traditional rituals.
In summary, for Laposse "the installation is like notes of the research
I have done, they are the visual summary of what I have learnt
and allow me to share the historical story of how the landscape of
the world we live in was changed by [an insect and its colour]."

During Romanticism in the 18th century, artists no longer
strove to reproduce nature in exact terms, but started to
pay more attention to the passion and emotion involved
in the experience of nature. The Irish philosopher Edmund
Burke (1729-1797) attributed a crucial role to passion in the
human experience of the beautiful and the sublime. I
The textile work of Kamish (Camille Paroissien) does not
attempt to reproduce nature scenes exactly, but especially to
evoke feelings of dismay and, at the same time, admiration,
of human smallness and the mystical grandeur of nature. The
fabrics translate the experience of nature into the abstraction
of shapes and colours, with great attention to the rough and
cold climate, on the one hand, and the warm, mystical play of
colours that varies several times in one day, on the other.
The textile artist does not look for new materials; instead, she
always creates with wool she can find in her surroundings at
home. It is important not to waste anything, but to look first
at the materials at hand before starting a project. She prefers
natural materials, such as wool, to be as close to nature as
possible, in colour as well as choice of material. She never uses
very fine wool; it is a conscious choice to use a thicker yarn to
obtain a certain density. This makes the work a little rougher and
heavier, a nod to her trekking in the Norwegian wilderness.
This work was woven on a TC2 jacquard loom. For Camille
Paroissien, the cooperation between machine and human is a
prerequisite to personally experience this process. She draws
her design in advance, but the colour choices are only made
when
she starts weaving, and thus change as she progresses.
The creation is an interplay of emotion and colour.
This leads to seemingly very simple scenes that are stripped of
every detail, drawing attention to the essence of experiencing
nature. In the words of the Impressionist Claude Monet to his
pupils: "When you go out to paint, try to forget what objects you
have in front of you, a tree, a house, a field or whatever. Just think
of this: here is a small square of blue, pink, an oval of green, a
stripe of yellow, and paint them exactly as they appear to you.”

The 'OFFCUTS' is the series of add-ons for garments which are
made of offcuts that aim to improve the use of clothing that
produced off-cuts in the first place. The project aims to not
only reusing industrial leftovers but also revalue its materiality
as another material and reconnect it into the origin clothing.
Each work is named after percentage which indicates the
percentage of offcuts while cutting clothing patterns.
About project: '+17.4%'
Chore coat (also renown as the French work jacket) is still
produced in many companies with own fabric mils. The
coat becomes one of symbolic items of workwear though
its functional value for nowadays is outdated. In the project
'417.4%', offcuts from the 60 piece of chore coats are used
into the collection of add-ons for garments. These attachable
accessories provide additional utility for certain occasions
such as weather, seasons, particular function, and more.

I used Textile offcuts which are the one of the most common by-
products from garment production. These leftovers are produced
while cutting and sewing patterns and they are mostly thrown
away. This project was inspired by the insurmountable piles of
off-cuts that I witnessed when worked in the fashion industry.
In the process, the project has 3 objectives ; Re-use, Re-value and
Re-connect. For the Re-use, the project aims to complete use of
offcut leftover as usable materials. Appreciating to its industrial
scale, the material embraces uniformity and quantitive quality.
Alongside, for the Revalue, The project conducts research
and analysis to discover materiality of offcuts into useful and
storytelling materials. After these two processes, the outcome
of application of the offcuts will be Re-connected to its origin;
garments by accessories or other objects that can support concept,
utility or aesthetic value of things where the offcuts from.

By Re-use, Re-valuation and Re-connection, the projects aims
to gain an attention from the industry on the hidden value of
the industrial offcuts as new material which has own context
and materiality, not just recyclable inevitable byproducts.

We want to give a second life to workwear that has never been
worn. This often involves sizes that have not been taken up by
customers or models that have been in stock for so long that
we can assume they are no longer being sold. The fact that it is
unused material also makes it an interesting raw material.
Hence this project, which we have called 'the remake sessions'.
We want to show what a remake of workwear can look like. How a
new design can bring valuable materials back to life.
Alsico joined forces with Studio AMA, which stands for Belgian
designer fashion made entirely circularly. Creative force behind it is
Soraya Wancour. She works exclusively with recycled materials and
uses custom-made companies for her production. In every part
of the process, she formulates an answer to the question of how
clothes can be designed and made as sustainably and ethically as
possible.
For this collaboration, she searches for the strengths of workwear
and how they can be played off in a second life, but in a different
way.

Soraya Wancour's eye fell on the bright blue workwear, the pieces
with reflective strips, the dungarees with elasticated straps. She
looks and selects, 4 shirts, 3 trousers,
3 vests. 4 dunedrees.
She looks for a new interpretation for the clothes she has selected.
She looks at how she can reuse typical elements of work clothing.
For a new garment, but also for a totally new story. "What makes
a garment workwear? What functionalities are in such a garment.
And how is it worn?"
The arranging and cutting leads to three models. An extravagant
dress, an elegant and stately dress and a wide coat. Some of the
original elements, such as a belt or a pocket, retain their function.
Others take on a totally new life because they are given a different
place and function.
"The nice thing about this exercise is that you can preserve
or sometimes even enhance the material, its quality and its
technicality."

The amount of clothes bought in the EU per person has increased
by 40 % in just a few decades, driven by a fall in prices and the
increased speed with which especially fashion is delivered to
consumers. Workwear has a lower output, but a similar impact
when it comes to the long supply chains of fabric production.
Clothing accounts for between 2% and 10 % of the environmental
impact of EU consumption. This impact is often felt in third
countries, as most production takes place abroad.
By pointing out the value of the materials the 'remake sessions'
make a firm statement for reuse and remake of textile products.
We believe that the kind of imagination Studio AMA has shown
can lead us to valuable reuse and remake. Add to this that the
collecting and sorting of materials will take place in our own End-
of-Life hub in Ronse, creating new tasks for people in our local
workshop. And we think that we can turn some of the negative
impacts of our industry in positive ones.

RENS offers a new lease of life for Tarkett's (DESSO's) carpet
tiles. With the colourful Re-vive treatment, obsolete collections
of this functional and highly flexible product now come in
myriad shades and gradients too. Adding a dash of colour to
every office or home interior. By using a manual dyeing process
on the obsolete collections, the carpet- tiles are re-coloured
with red dye. The colour red makes a bold statement signaling
to people that textile materials should not be wasted. Every
quality and colour of the original carpet-tile fits perfectly
together now because it's united by the colour red.

The work 'Zoom' arises from a response to our natural surrounding
and the way we arrange nature, specifically to the vegetation.
We hardly talk about plants and most of the time we don't even
know their names. Following a line, a walk, a bump, and a doubt
in the landscape I arrived at the edges of the city. Great mullein,
Goldenrod, Yarrow, Ragwort, Hawkweed are just a few of the
plants that grow in the cracks and margins. They grow alongside
highways, canals, on the banks, and in between the pavestones.
In these places, that are not dominated or exploited by anyone,
we can imagine what urban spaces can look like and what role
they can play. The plants are important for the biodiversity and
have enormous potential in use and handling. They are formed
by processes of movement, distraction, and destruction. By using
the plants as dying pigment for weavings and prints I create maps
of these indecisive places. Instead of seeing the small patches
of vegetation as places of capital, we can get to know the flora
and fauna and establish a relationship and connection with them.
Before these spots change beyond recognition or disappear.

Today most clothes are dyed synthetically. Tomorrow our
clothes might be dyed with algae and apples, with bacteria
and fungi, with plants from the past and processes to sustain
the future. With financial support from the European Union,
journalist Sarah Vandoorne and photographer Sarah Van Looy
set out to interview changemakers, designers and researchers
who take the pollution caused by textile dyes as seriously
as they do. They traveled to Haspengouw, Groningen and
London to find raw materials and meet the makers, but also
visited gardens full of natural dyes just around the corner
and even found inspiration on their own kitchen counter.

The expo consists of photographs, either digitally printed on
organic cotton or inkjet printed on paper. Most prominently
we will showcase 10 dyed high-key portraits of makers.The
portraits are printed in black and white and, in most cases,
dyed by the maker himself with the dye process they use or
invented. This way, we visually show the variety in ways that
are possible to dye fabric. Each process creates a different
colour. We have chosen 100% organic cotton because it is more
sustainable and because cotton has a good color rendering.

Dyeing cloth, together with finishing, is the most polluting process
in the textile supply chain (Quantis, 2018). With this project we
want to show that there are more sustainable ways to dye clothes,
without chemicals or heavy metals. Fading, uneven colors make
clothes unique, just as unique as every one of the makers.


'No Time To Waste' (NTTW) is an artistic research project
exploring the possibilities of an often disregarded
by-product of the textile industry: dust.
Instead of depreciating dust as waste, I reckon it as a valuable
raw material. Researching its properties, following its
movements and applying the process of trial and error, led
to the creation of transient dust yarn, sheets and bricks.
The aim of this extensive material research is to encourage people
to rethink the concept of waste using their intuition and creativity.

In 'No Time To Waste' I have researched the properties and
possibilities of dust generated during the production process of
linen fabrics. Therefore, the samples are 100% linen/ flax fibres.
Condensed research of the properties of flax-based fires showed
that linen contains a significant amount of cellulose. Cellulose
plays an important role in the papermaking process. This inspired
me to a use similar approach and techniques in my research.

'NTTW' advocates for a change in consumer behaviour as it seeks
to raise awareness and change people's view on waste by creating
a new narrative around it. My research resulted in the creation
of many samples that serve as a roadmap showing the countless
possibilities dust has to offer. Yet many are still to be explored.
Moreover, through my interactions with the dust, which
is considered waste, it obtained agency. By attaching
agency to waste, waste is no longer waste. Instead it
becomes a valuable substance. Therefore, I hope my
research can inspire others to set up similar projects.

I would like to take a moment and express my sincere gratitude to all
the individuals and companies that have contributed to this project.
First and foremost, many heartfelt thanks to my two mentors, Esther
Van Schuylenbergh and Catherine Willems for their support and
guidance. Their enthusiasm, keen interest, insightful comments
and practical advice helped me set up a sustainable practice.
am beyond grateful for the knowledge they have shared with me.
I also wish to express my sincere thanks to Mieke Clays from B&T
Textilia, Agnes De Rave from Libeco, and Alex and Karel from Van
Heuverbeke N.V. for allowing me to gain knowledge about industrial
textile production and providing me with all the material I needed.
I would also like to thank Willy Vanderaura for helping me build a mould
to press dust blocks and advising me on construction methods.
Finally, I cannot begin to express how grateful I am to my parents,
Miranda and Patrick, for their financial, moral and material assistance.
Their support has always inspired me to push my own boundaries.
Special mention goes to my mum whose living room I've turned into
a dusty studio for the better half of my studies. Last but not least, I
would like to thank my boyfriend, Moritz, for his unconditional love and
support.

We created zero waste play structures from discarded baby
clothes. Using the articles of clothing that don't get reused
the most according to Sociale Kruideniers, those being baby
clothes and socks. The end product combines color and form
studies. The process was guided by the waste material, keeping
the original form and the story of the garment.
The open-ended play structures allow children to find their own way
of creating. With our project, we propose 5 building blocks that leave
the play rules to be decided by the child. By attaching, making knots,
folding... the children find their own way of playing. Children can
explore their creativity freely. There are no instructions, rules or
guides for children to follow. There is no right answer or the right
way. The decision-making is up to the child.

'Tunneltaal' (tunnel language) stands for typography, lighting,
connection, design tools, sustainability, collaboration: it is all about
the game. The aim of the project was to transform a grim bicycle
tunnel into a safe passage. The tunnel reminded me of notebook
of the neighbourhood: you could read graffiti texts everywhere.
contacted the municipality and they immediately saw the need for
the project. It was organised during a period of social isolation. No
one was allowed to go out, except for a maximum of four people
going for a walk on the street. I invited people, schools, youth
associations in the neighborhood to place their message --without
censorship -- in the tunnel. I see design as a bridge that connects
different disciplines in a playful manner. 'Tunneltaal' is more
than just a group of people writing texts. The texts enter into a
dialogue with each other, what is happening in the neighbourhood.
It is about having fun, making a contribution together to the
local community and creating a safe place for everyone.

When I was looking for different ways to illuminate the tunnel in
a sustainable way, I thought of glow-in-the-dark paint. During my
search, I came across the designer Daan Roosegaarde, who was
working with glow-in-the-dark pigments for a bicycle path. The
glow-in-the-dark paint we used is a thermoplastic called P6005
phospho, produced by the company ACB Group. We did not
apply the glow paint directly on the tunnel walls, but started with
a white undercoat. This thermoplastic is also used as road paint,
which makes it ideal for tunnels. As it was the first time that this
thermoplastic was used vertically, it was too runny, so the company
adapted the texture especially for the project for easy application.
The stencils had to be resistant to the paint. Therefore, I chose
stencils made from polypropylene film. I wanted stencils that I
could re-use and not would be thrown away after one project.

In my opinion, a better world is created by working together and
appreciating other disciplines and people. During the tunnel
language week, there was a place for everyone. You could make
up your own text, be creative with letter design, take pictures,
make pancakes for the daily helpers, and so much more. We were
looking for sustainable solutions to obstacles: the grim tunnel and
isolation. I wanted to light up the tunnel and make it safe due to
recent events such as women being harassed. Unfortunately, this
is all too familiar for many women. We made a difference locally
by entering into dialogue with the local residents. I think this is
already a good start for a better world by setting change in motion.
We played; playing is something we should do more often.

OpenStructures explores a sus-
tainable and democratic way of de-
signing. Inspirators Thomas Lommée
and Christiane Högner developed an
open design system that starts from a
common geometric grid that design
ers can design with and for. The com-
patibility of the components allows for
the creation of infinite functions and
shapes. The idea of modularity and
dismantling again fits perfectly within
the circular narrative. With OpenStruc-
tures, Thomas and Christiane are shar-
ing their knowledge with others and
creating ecological awareness. Open-
Structures is a tool that challenges
designers to return to the essence of
design.
Today OpenStructures consists
of a database of 1600 parts and 750
objects, designed by more than 330
designers.

A design prize for a company or de
signer which or who functions as a
role model for other designers and
clients. This innovation persuades the
jury through a well-thought-out choice
of ecodesign principles as the under-
lying theme throughout the entire
corporate culture and strategy and/or
throughout the products and servic-
es designed. Important criteria are the
impact, potential growth, vision and
continuity within the theme.

OpenStructures (OS) explores the potential of a modular
construction model where everyone designs for everyone on
the basis of one shared geometrical grid. It hereby envisions
a universal and collaborative puzzle to which everybody
can add parts, components or more complex structures.
OS works according to the Wikipedia model, where different
people contribute to one encyclopedia. Instead of articles,
everyone can download, edit and submit modular designs on
the OpenStructures website, a growing database that allows the
broadest range of people to design, build and exchange the
broadest range of modular components. It hereby envisions
a new standard for sustainable design that facilitates re-use
and encourages the circular use of materials and objects.
It allows to build things together, introduces variety
within modularity and results in a more flexible
and scalable built environment for all.

In a transversal course at Kask - School of Arts in Gent, Bachelor
students from the Fashion, Textile and Autonomous Design
department each developed constructive elements, as part
of their respective practice. Due to the common script, their
outcomes, a diverse collection of elements could be combined
with one another. During communal PlaySessions participants were
encouraged to make reciprocal use of parts of fellow students for
their own work or for collective and experimental puzzle structures
Eventually some students continued using the OpenStructures
methodology for their individual graduation projects.

The OpenStructures methodology was founded to reduce
the ecological footprint of our production and consumption
chains. Its design principles form the basis for an almost
complete circular economy. OS combines the advantages of
modularity - in particular easy adaptability, reversibility, self-
replacement, reuse of intact and repair of defective parts - with
the benefits of diversity: numerous authors and manufacturers
avoid structural uniformity, increase aesthetic variety and
enhance resistance and longevity in all its outcomes.

Bees and the service they provide are essential to
life on this planet. These animals are a vital part of
our ecosystem and have been shaping our natural
environment for millions of years. But now, because of
human impact, their place in this world is threatened.
Volmaakt explores how we can inspire people to solve
this global challenge in a playful and accessible way.
We invited three designers to create their own bee
home and hope to offer a vision of how design can
help rebalance our relationship with the planet. The
bee hotels are made at social workplaces. Through
this collaboration we create sustainable employment
for people from disadvantaged groups.
"one single bee house could give life to hundreds
of solitary bees, offering a link in the chain that
can contribute to the survival of flowers, trees,
animals and our ecosystems as a whole'
Why solitary bees?
The mission is to design a house for solitary bees - the
most prolific pollinator you have probably never heard
of. There are around 20.000 - 30.000 bee species in the
world. While the most recognised and talked about is
the western honeybee, the vast majority of bee species
are solitary. Unlike honeybees, solitary bees do not
live in hives or produce honey. Instead, they mostly
live alone, and spend their days gathering pollen and
collecting food for their next generation of offspring.
Solitary bees are phenomenal pollinators. A single solitary
bee can provide as much pollination as 120 honeybees.
How to design a home for bees?
Whether you are designing a home for humans or
bees, the point of departure is the same: what are the
needs? After thorough research in collaboration with
Honey bee Valley - Gent and long conversations
with bee experts, we naturally came to a point where
we felt confident about what solitary bees require.
U
esign
D
Gen
Little bee - Ubbe Vandenameele
fits in the smallest space and is easy to implement in any
garden. You can hang it in a
tree and on the wall or it can stand on its
elegant legs in the grass
Beemo - Nathaphon Sulmohumi
Inspired by contemporary architecture, these modular shapes can
easily be composed into a beehome tallored to various needs and
environments. The abstract shape with personalized frontplate allows you
to make endless comoin
Nidus - Studio Lauka
Nidus consist of three objects that are based on the three preconditions
of the existence of the solitary bee: a water reservoir (1), a flower box
ahesime
place 3. he objects can exist on their own or can
form a microclimate in their constellation.
Grasses and lowers can grow
underneath bv means of slender leas that lift the objects off the ground
while the stainless steel absorbs and reflects the colors of the context.
In this way, they allow maxi
adjustment to various needs and
environments (a root terrace, a small city garden or a flower meadow).

'KNITTING SPACE' is a research on the industrial
technique of readymade three dimensional knitwork.
By creating a modular knitting system we are building
complex knitting constructions on an endless scale.
This project is a hands-on process. Our innovative system is
based on the same principle as an industrial knitting machine,
but translated in an analogue, conscious and handcrafted
process. Also it has the capability to knit spaces, an extra
dimension which the industry does not yet masters. Not
knitting with grandmother's needles, nor with industrial
machines, but it balances somewhere in between. Knitting
on the borderline. You could see 'KNITTING SPACE' as a
questioning dialogue with the two dimensional and completely
automated industrial process. Instead it creates as it were, a
social machine. Where with a tool and men a space is created.

This visual collage is about bees, and, more specifically, buzzing
and hovering in Ghent and its surroundings. Audio visual
design students naturally turned their sensitive microphones
and cameras to the beekeepers: the passionate carers of bees
who keep them not only for their honey, but also to foster
awareness of useful, social insect species threatened by a
lack of living space, parasites, too few plants and flowers to
feed on, and insecticides and environmental pollution.

In an investigative style similar to that of the étude in music,
the makers of this audio-visual collage explored the terrain
of home beekeepers and their bees in Ghent. In doing so,
they designed the atmosphere and activity virtually with a
composition of images, time sequences and hyper lapses, in
conjunction with locally recorded sounds, voices and noises.

The many different bee species are of vital importance to
humans. A large proportion of our food would not even be
here, if bees had not naturally pollinated crops, plants and
fruit on their buzzing quests. This audio-visual piece of work
zooms in on these little heroes and their motivated caretakers.
This audio-visual exploration was made by audio
visual design students in the Graphic & Digital Media
programme of the Communication, Media & Design
Expertise Network of the Artevelde Hogeschool.

In the research line of 'Living Colors', Laboratorium explores the
potential of sustainable inks/dyes made from microalgae pigment.

The pigments derived from the algae biomass are applied
on textile, paper and PLA. Using a weather chamber, the
textile and paper samples are exposed to a controlled
environment of UV light and humidity. Depending on
the exposure time, the colours change. The database
of samples results in a time based colour palette.

The impact of synthetic colours urgently demands research
into color processes and methodologies with natural origins,
such as algae. Fading algae pigments challenge the user to
see the fading feature as a positive characteristic: it facilitates
the reuse and recyclability of short life cycle products
and they can be used as a natural biomarker of time.

*Weaving Code' is located at the crossroad of hand weaving,
programming, and 3D printing. Basic computer language
made of Os and 1s dates back to the industrial revolution, and
it finds its origin in the automation of looms: punched cards
generating the patterns held digital data represented by the
presence or absence of holes in predefined positions.
By turning weaving patterns into a programming language,
'Weaving Code' aims to explore how traditional crafts and
digital tools can enhance each other and offer an alternative
interpretation of technology at large. In the creation of these
pieces, while a piece of textile is produced on the loom, an
object is generated by the computer using binary code. This
object is then 3D printed and inserted in the hand-woven
textile. In mathematics and digital electronics, a binary number
is a number expressed in the binary numeral system, which
uses only two symbols: 0 and 1. Because of its straightforward
implementation in digital electronic circuitry, the binary
system is used by almost all computer-based devices.

You loved the portraits at the
exhibition? They can be yours. Just
take a picture of the one you can't
live without and send it to Us. We
will reserve it for you and send it
when the exhibition finishes.
Or you can also send us a picture
and the Grandmas will embroider
with care, mastery and love. And we
will send it back to you later.
Both options € 150 each.

On 25 April, empowerment of seniors through design is in
the spotlight, a day of activist design with, by and for seniors.
Because age is a force to be unleashed. Every older person has
an individual talent or passion that we cherish and stimulate.
In two craft workshops, eight Portuguese grandmothers
show their unique handmade designs. Each one shaped
by individual love and care as only grannies can give so
generously. This is the result of grandmothers' skills.
And don't forget: Old is the New Young!

Be Wild, Act & Change. The end of April will see the start of
Design Fest Gent, a new biennial 10 day festival that offers
designers space to present their ground-breaking ideas.
At different locations in the city, an extensive range of
installations, workshops and lectures, demonstrates what
design can (and indeed should) be: inquisitive, experimental
and activistic. By focusing on sustainability in all its facets,
Design Fest not only wants to inspire the visitors but
also challenge them and encourage dialogue.

'BreaZea' is a 3D-printed modular room divider made from
bioplastics that lets you experience Circular Economy. The subtle
smell of 'BreaZea' helps the consumer to distinguish 'BreaZea'
from petrol-based plastics by enhancing the aroma-active
substances of the raw material. The modules are made from 100%
renewable resources and are 100% biodegradable. 'BreaZea' can
be combined and reused in various ways and has been created
for the hospitality industry and working and living environments.

'Oil Bubble' and 'Oil Peak' were conceived in 2006
in Tbilisi, Georgia, where the most severe protests
since the 2003 Rose Revolution - which brought
about a pro-Western peaceful change of power in
the country - were taking place. The Rose Revolution
was the result of widespread protests against the
flawed results of a parliamentary election. It brought
to power a new elected president, Mikhail Saakashvili
who called on fellow countrymen who had left
Georgia in previous decades, to return and help
rebuild the once prosperous and wealthy country
into a modern Western democracy. In 2006, Enough
Room for Space, a non-profit artist-run initiative co-
founded by Maarten Vanden Eynde, also decided to
respond to that call and went to Tbilisi with a group
of artists, designers and curators, to explore how a
new democracy was being introduced - or rather
implanted - and what the side-effects of such an
enormous political and sociological shift were.
Ten 'oil eruptions' were planted in several locations
throughout the city. The one installed in front of the
parliament building caused a surprising commotion
as the protesting crowd appropriated the work as
a 'black rose', symbolising the failure of the Rose
Revolution. In 2008, a portable unlimited edition was
created, making the work available for everyone. In
2010, a series of five eruptions won the Art in the City
Award during the contemporary art fair Art Brussels
and subsequently the work was made in bronze
and covered with black car paint to be placed as a
permanent work in front of the Kaaitheater in Brussels.

Naturally formed stones are omnipresent on our
planet. They can be found almost anywhere on
Earth, in the mountains, the deserts and even
the oceans. Homo sapiens sapiens has created
two new kinds of stone - brick and concrete
- which have gradually taken over the natural
environment. Bricks will probably survive us, as
they are one of the strongest and longest lasting
building materials used in human history.
'Brick Era' is a series of copies of boulders
that have been formed by the endless rolling
of building debris in a river or on a rocky
shoreline. By grinding off the edges the surface
becomes smooth and soft, in striking contrast
to the structured grid of mortar and bricks.

'Around the World' is a huge bobbin in the shape of
a rocket. Spun around it is cotton thread measuring
in total 40,015 kilometres, a figure that represents
the average equatorial circumference of Earth. War
and cotton have long been connected,
starting with
guncotton, used as a propellant in firearms and in the
warheads of torpedoes, mines and grenades. Cotton
was used as an aircraft covering - for the first flight of
the Wright brothers,
the aerial dogfights of the First
World War, even for the famous German zeppelin
Hindenburg - and in the first gas masks as protection
against chemical weapons. It has thus been key in
both the taking and saving of human lives. Around
the World symbolises the significant role that cotton
played and still plays not only on a global but also
a personal scale, being the first material a human
newborn feels when it is wrapped in cotton cloth and
also, in many cultures, the last material bodies come
into contact with when the are shrouded in cotton
to prevent postmortem leakage and contamination
British and European cotton spinning and weaving
was the first major industry in human history to
lack locally produced raw materials, making it the
first globally integrated manutacturing industry.
Cotton fueled the Industrial Revolution both in
England and the United States and was a major
influence on the creation of wealth throughout
most of Western Europe. It made cotton plantation
owners the richest and most powerful men in the
New World, enabling them to invest in the building
of astronomical observatories (like the Lowell
Observatorv. where the expansion of the universe
waS
discovered and whose data helped to find a
spot on the Moon where Apollo 11's lunar module
could safely land as well as universities and
STOCK
markets (like the cotton exchanges where tutures
were being introduced for the first time, offering
investment in croos that were
not vet planted.
'Around the World' visualises the potential
a sinale thread encircling the globe and at the
same time it shows that no matter which path
you choose the end and the beginning are in the
same spot. What goes
around. comes around.

WE TRUST GHENT.

Speaking Chairs is an ode
to imagination, diversity
and the power of the
individual.
These chairs systematically disappeared
from the churches. Some were replaced
by comfortable seats. Others were
discarded in the wake of secularisation.
Stacked high in dark cellars.
Waiting.
For a second life?
As silent witnesses to a rich past?
100 discarded church chairs form
the common ground for 100 different
individuals. Craftsmen, designers,
students, local residents, artists,
performers, . Young and old, known

and unknown. Cultural and religious
backaround does not matter. Every
participant gets carte blanche to
recreate a chair into a new object.
Will it be a radical transformation?
Or will the chair be meticulously
restored?
The starting point is the same: every
renovator gets the same chair. But
looking at and rebuilding this church
chair will be different for every maker!
The ideas, drawings and photos of the
design process are kept as witnesses
of the transformation. Story and end
result are equally valuable. Every pulpit
proclaims a unique message. All the
individual stories are brought together in
a kind of new bible, as a bearer of their
- collective togetherness.
After their transformation; the pews will
return to St. James' Church between
8 and 18 September, where they will
each preach their newly composed
storv. A hymn to the individual
imagination that encourages critical
reflection about faith, religious heritage,
waste and materials and. their reuse and
repurposing.
Amen to that!

ONCE UPO
THE EARTH
WHERE LIFE WAS BORN
AND MAN EVOLVED
MAN TO PEOPLE
PEOPLE GREW ... MORE PEOPLE
MANY PEOPLE
INTERTWINEN WITH EACH OTHER
AT THE SAME TIME ALL INDI
YET CONNECTED
WITH EVERYTHING
WITH EACH OTHER
DUALS
TOGETHER
IN TOGETHERNESS
AS THE EARTH
AS A GLOBE.

Daisy's filter captures her dyslexia stand
ing strong, processing intertwined waves of
information and ideas, illustrated by the
blue layered pattern. That constant flow is
counterbalanced with her bipolarity, illustrated here with the rotating system of two
opposing sides. That
overall dynamic is
constant effort for her to understand and
maintain.

stijn's filter represents a full and active
life that includes autism and makes most of
it. stijn has acquired an ever-growing
knowledge of history and technology,
as
well as a mastery of tools, yielding highly
creative and personal objects. Most
of
those objects are sound devices and unusual
appliances,
always making an incredible
statement.

Lesa's filter represents a neurodiversity
that is interconnected relying on personal
methods and tools. One of them is the
action of breaking down information and
questions into smaller parts to process.
The second idea is how the filter can represent an ideal world that is designed for
neurodiverse people in mind but that works
for everybody.

Sue's filter represents their ability to
process images and colours, and how it has
helped them to function in different parts
and moments of their life. sometimes images
and colours are processed quickly reading
the room, performing a task. Other times
images and colours are processed done at
Sue's own pace, to re-group when the world
becomes overwhelming, gravitating towards
soft textures, colours and chosen images.
The filter has two sides, one. with multiple
bright colours, and one with textured
shapes of one colour. The filter is an allegory for Sue's multifaceted neurodiversity.

Amber's filter captures the method: how
relatives, friends and trusted people help
her remember places and spaces, thanks to
small details like the colour of a door
or
a specific texture for example, acting as
lens or a magnifying glass, and opening a
whole world of embodied memories and experiences.

Bart's filter illustrates how he makes
use of color and time
to
organize his
life and work. More specifically the
filter features two intertwined
elements: seven blocks of color to illustrate the days of the week, and 20
minute increments punctuated by 5 minute
breaks that structure
each day.

Luca's filter represents the combination of
two neurodiverse abilities,
ADHD and
autism.
This friction can be fruitful or a
struggle, or a fruitful struggle! It results in quick associative thinking,
with
patterns and connections that go in all
directions and break boundaries.
The filter
uses
the simple design block vocabulary
that can be found throughout the project.

Noah's filter represents how a neurodiverse
person is sometimes forced by the world
into extreme situations when they deserve
to be known for their abilities and true
personality. The filter features an explosion in different colours and shapes,
giving out and taking in,
and
suggesting
how Noah's senses are permanently connected. The explosion is layered over a quasi-digital grid, vaguely inspired by video
games, one of Noah's favorite past times
and coping mechanisms. The result is
playful mathematical bang, the illustration
that Noah deserves to be heard.

Children primary school invent a
dream machine.

Together with higher education students
they design a concept.

Together with technical secondary school
students they make a working prototype.

Since 2009, Unfold is exploring the proces of ceramic 3D printing in
their design practise. The expertise they have gained is multitude,
going from the building of machines to the different types of
clay in the world and the various software possibilities for 3D
printing. In this project, they collaborate with KASK to see in which
manner a UR10 robotic arm could be used for paste 3D printing.
During DFG, the boundaries of this machine will be explored
by doing different experiments, starting with the printing of a
Pre-Columbian Marajoara burial urn from the Amazon delta.

We will use earth-materials for these experiments, mostly (unfired)
clay, but also lime. Even though a material such as clay and
limestone has to be mined, it also can be found easily anywhere
in the world. Both materials can be used unfired, and in that
sense reused when cast away. Paste-extrusion is used as a making
proces to push the boundaries of both technique and material.

Experimenting, collaborating and sharing are at the base of this
project. Unfold open sourced their first designs of a ceramic
printer and has fostered a community of makers worldwide who
work with this technique. This community is sharing knowledge
to push the technique further. With this project, we would like to
give an insight view of what this technology can do. After Design
Fest Gent, the knowledge will be shared with the community.

The polishing exists on the Cornish coast and connects the
process to place. It is slowly returning back to its original lichen
covered face. There is now a slightly diverted route from the
coastal path made by inquisitive ramblers. The work draws
on natural/ unnatural processes and contradictions that we
encounter in our natural and man-made environments.
The Cornish granite was polished over 3 days using water pumped
from the sea. 'Lands' End' exists as a permanent intervention in
the Landscape. Its making was recorded on camera and edited
into this film during the UK lockdown in 2021. Initially the polishing
was created for a project that formed part of a wider narrative that
was shown as a series of hand developed color photographic
prints together with an arrangement of sculptural artefacts.
It contributes to a better world by touching on the
possibilities of making. Its processes are caring, but
also destructive. It mirrors the power of the sea and the
underlying geologic processes that humans live within.

From the 1920s on, the Gevaert factory
in Belgium accidentally disposed of tonnes
of silver as a by-product of the production
of photographic film. This outflow ended
up in the Grensbeek (Border Creek) that
separated the municipalities of Berchem
and Mortsel. Since its sludge was coloured
black by the silver, the creek was popularly
called Zwarte Gracht (Black Ditch) or
Zilverbeek (Silver Creek).
The factory did recover a significant
amount of silver directly from their pro-
duction, but around sixteen per cent
of the metal still ended up in the fac-
tor's wastewater. In the Zilverbeek,
it was mixed with the wastewater from
local laundries and households, which
provided all necessary compounds
for the dissolved silver to condensate
along the course of the creek.
In 1927, a tool-maker working at the
factory realised the kind of fortune they
were washing away on a daily basis.
To recover the silver from the sludge,
the man drained the stream, and let the
water settle in wells finished with con-
crete slabs. After the water was returned
to the stream, the sludge was transferred
to a second well with a manually operated
slurry pump to allow it to dry. The dried
sludge was carried off by lorry or train
to a local metallurgical plant where the
silver was extracted.
The moving of the sludge took place in
the weekend or as early as four o'clock
in the morning, when the water flow was
minimal. The man recovered up to half
a ton of silver a year, more than enough
for a generous salary.

Just one year later, the man quit his job
at the factory, as his side business was
already more profitable.
In the following years, the man's business
thrived. He acquired the land he worked
on from a diamond merchant, and started
renting the land around the rest of the
creek from the national railways.
In 1946 the owners of the factory started
to realise the magnitude of capital that
was flowing away, and started measuring
the silver content at different points
along the creek. They found out that the
concentration of silver decreased as the
water moved away from its source, as the
man apparently managed to recover up
to eighty per cent of the disposed metal.
In 1948 the factory built their first recovery
pond. Even though they now managed to
recover most of the silver themselves, the
man continued his work.
As the factory's output quadrupled during
the post-war years, the amount of waste
increased, and the effectiveness of the
recovery pond declined significantly.
The amount of wasted silver still washing
away ensured that the man stayed in
business during the 1950s.
Ten years later, the factory built a second
recovery pond to be able to again increase
the recovery of their wasted silver. It now
became impossible to run a profitable
business from the sludge, and the man
ceased his work after 33 years.

In the present day, due to the upscaling
of the factory, the amount of silver lost
in the outflow is still similar compared
to the heyday in absolute quantities.
However, it is no longer possible
to extract this profitably due to the
decrease in percentual volume of silver
in the wastewater, since the Zilverbeek
is now largely confined to sewerage
leading towards a water purification
station. Moreover, the costs for extract-
ing silver from sludge have increased
in relation to the price of silver.

"Zilverbeek" is a research-based project which relates a story of
pollution which happens in the city of Antwerp during the 20th
century. Since the 1920s the Belgian factory "Gevaert" accidentally
disposed tons of silver as a by-product of the production of
photographic film. This outflow ended up in the "Grensbeek". For
its sludge colored black by the silver, the creek was popularly
called "Zwarte gracht" (Black Ditch) or "Zilverbeek" (Silver Creek).
The myth starts in 1927 when a tool maker working at the factory
realised the kind of fortune the factory was washing away on a
daily basis. He secretly drained the stream, and transported the
dried sludge to a local metallurgical plant where the silver was
extracted. The man recovered up to half a ton of silver a year,
more than enough for a generous salary. One year later the man
quit his job at the factory, as his side business was already more
profitable. This story fascinated Lucas Leffler (BE), who turned
himself into a researcher. He found archive material, newspaper
clippings and historical documents, and photographed the
factory and the creek. And then, finally, he took mud from the
bottom of the Zilverbeek, trying to find traces of silver, just
like the pioneer before him. This research was published in
2019 with "The Eriskay Connection" (Breda, NL). Since then
Lucas Leffler used the mud to make "mud prints" by means of
a darkroom photographic process and the use of chemicals.

I started to develop a printing technique while I was doing this
research on this story. When I think about a mud which contains
silver-element I speculate on the possible idea that we can use
it to print an image on it. Unfortunately this idea is actually not
possible because this creek is not polluted anymore today. I
thought this idea of using the mud from the creek to materialise
images of the creek itself was a poetic way to reactivate this
past story of pollution. In order to make it possible I add
silver-gelatine product in the mud to make it photosensitive.

This story of pollution has a reflection on how the industry
of photography developed today with digital technology
and the internet. We don't dispose of chemicals in creeks
anymore but we never needed so many resources to create
dematerialized images. Every three minutes we take as many
photographs as the whole image production made during the
19th century. This dematerialization shaped the way we use and
produce images which seem now impermanent, continuously
replaced by another. On the contrary my work takes position
today by giving a physicality and a permanency to the image
The photography technique is a product of the industrial
revolution of the 19th century, but is not intrinsically ecological.
I like to conceive a future where the individual contribution
of photographers won't lie in the very subject they will depict
but will rather be a search for 'new ways to make images.

In the tradition of Dorozome -a traditional Japanese mud-
dyeing technique- only the final black colour is given a
name. The process colours remain anonymous, as invisible
as the complexity of this fascinating contemporary craft.
Designers Satomi Minoshima & Pauline Agustoni wanted to
challenge such simplification of contemporary craftsmanship.
How to see beyond the final product of such a full and complex
process to communicate the rich backdrop of Dorozome?
Their installation accentuates the repetition of the artisans'
movements throughout the completion of their craft,
highlighting the background processes and behind-
the-scenes colours of the craft. Their research book
complements the installation by introducing 11 interviews
of Dorozome artisans they worked with in Japan.

Craft Portrait: Dorozome is a project about traditional Japanese
mud-dyeing craft Dorozome. It includes a textile installation
and a research publication constituted of 11 testimonies of
contemporary Dorozome artisans accompanied by a photo series.

Dorozome is a mud-dyeing technique during whose process
white yarns are repeatedly dyed - the technique requires
more than 85 dyeing steps - until they reach a deep black
colour. In the tradition of Dorozome, only the final black
colour is given a name and considered as an official colour.
The other process colours remain anonymous, as invisible
as the complexity of this fascinating contemporary craft.
Designers Satomi Minoshima & Pauline Agustoni want to
challenge such simplification of contemporary craftsmanship.
How to see beyond the final product of such a full and complex
process to communicate the rich backdrop of Dorozome?
Their twisting textile installation accentuates the repetition
of the artisans' movements throughout the completion
of their craft, highlighting the background processes and
behind-the-scenes colours of the craft. Their research book
complements the installation by introducing 11 interviews
of Dorozome artisans they worked with in Japan.

With Craft Portrait: Dorozome, Pauline Agustoni &
Satomi Minoshima want to communicate about the rebel
potential of craftsmanship when it comes to rethinking
production processes and material creation.
They believe in craftsmanship as a method to create goods
that are balanced, respectful of the environment and of
people, and the holders of a very specific beauty. All these
elements make craftsmanship an alternative and rebel
technique in their eyes, a complex process that they desire
to communicate and give a stage for with their work.

Is there anything else you would like to add?
There are a lot of things that are culturally
preserved in Amami Oshima, including the island
itself and its crafts and food culture. As a local
resident, it naturally makes me happy if anyone
becomes interested in them. It is not so easy to
travel to the mainland since Amami is a remote
island and we islanders are very curious to see how
people from the outside react to our unique culture.
This applies to Dorozome as well. We have already
grown too numb to it as we practice it every day.
I think it is interesting that more people may have
varied views on Amami's culture. Hearing various
opinions on the island will give the islanders more
opportunity to think about it and deepen their own
understanding of it. It is a very good thing for the
island.

When did that happen for you?
Only recently I think. I believed I could stand on
my own when I could make myself understood to
everyone in the workshop including the craftsmen.
What is the definition of craftsmanship in your opinion?
It is the creative attitude to answer the needs
of contemporary times with the old techniques of a
given land.
Do you mean that craftsmanship is about a spirit
and not about things?
We call crafted artefacts "kougei '" but this
denomination doesn't imply a fixed "craftsmanship"
aesthetic. I think artefacts inevitably change their
final shape because the materials with which they are
made, as well as our lifestyle, changes a lot in every
era. Hence craftsmanship is an attitude rather than
a fixed protocol. There has to be a concept, an idea
before one creates an object. If you understand that
you can adapt craftsmanship to any era. You have to
be creative in order to react to people's daily needs
In the past, we were strictly following tradition and
using traditional existing shapes and materials which
quickly became fixed, unchangeable. Even the idea of
changing them didn't occur to the artisans. To avoid
that I believe that we should keep a flexibility towards
interpreting the art of kougei.
Originally, traditional crafts were not a luxury, just
like Dorozome used to be a popular technique
among the local people of Amami. Each region had
its own techniques which became traditional crafts
throughout time. It made sense because the artisans
created what they needed for their everyday life with
available local materials. For example, Amami Oshima
has nature and its historical background as the idea
for its craft and it expresses itself in the shape of
Oshima Tsumugi. But if we freeze a technique and
aim only for its preservation it will lose its substance
and will become onlv decorative.
In the history of Dorozome, was there ever a
situation when the tradition needed to adapt itself?
I don't think so. Although I heard there was once
a movement to plant sharinbai trees during Oshima
Tsumugi's heyday, because the producers used more
tree bark for the dves at the time.

Project Land 2.2 explores the production and distribution
mechanisms of today in relation to the future of our planet. It
develops speculative tools that imagine these possible futures
as the results of current political and economic frameworks by
focusing on the case of one kind of object - three-dimensional
digital representations of stones. The project explores how
political and economic conditions embed themself in everyday
objects and how they could potentially become part of our
newly created landscapes. Land 2.2 is composed of a webpage,
a physical installation, and a production process. The webpage
houses a collection of "stones" mined from online marketplaces,
reconstructed into a platform that allows visitors to order objects
from the page to become part of the physical installation
through the production process of 3D printing. Visitors are
invited to participate in the creation of an expanding landscape
of artificial material, enabling them to imagine the results of our
everyday consumption into an expanding landscape of stones.

The project uses digital models taken from online marketplaces and
turns them into physical objects, transforming digital information
into physical material. Through the process of 3D printing, the
operations of marketplaces get transformed into a material
installation that behaves according to the laws of demand and
supply, as the visitors participate and contribute to this process
as a kind of economic agent, fulling the growth of the material
landscape through the act of consumption. The selected objects
are printed in PLA material creating and building a vast landscape
of plastic, intended to evoke the sediments of our future.

The project looks at how everyday objects are embedded in
political and economic systems, and furthermore how these same
systems are also articulated within these objects. Disrupting the
existing landscape with the continuous expansion of material,
the work blurs the boundaries between contemporaneity
and its production and the future of Earth's geology. These
objects and their materialities thus become part of an emergent
landscape and an emergent reality. By functioning as a critical
tool that appropriates pre-existing mechanisms to imagine
our potential future(s) and by engaging the participants to
take part in the creation of an expanding artificial landscape,
the project visualizes and calls for a rethinking of not only the
ramifications of everyday consumption but especially the political,
economic and technological frameworks that facilitate it.

BRUT chose Bodem(soil) as the theme of their second
edition designed in 2019, a collective scenography, as
a motive for the individual designs and concepts.
These grounds on which we walk - those accumulating layers of
history, generously echoing past presences and forces - contain
the stories we continue today. They are the fundaments, both
material and immaterial, for the decisions we are to make,
the steps we are to take. They teach us of prior times and
cultures, they conceal and reveal, nourish and support.
The dusty charm of an archaeological site - a context where
(pre-)history, actuality and future findings meet - inspired the
concept and appearances of the setting. With their earthly tones
and textured surfaces, the separate plateaus and pedestals
refer to the negative spaces which appear, when artefacts and
architectural remains are gradually re-surfaced; an abstraction
of an archetypical image that corresponds with how forgotten
or lost things and memories are brushed back to light.

To substantiate this inspiration BRUT studied Teseum in Tongres,
Belgium's oldest city, where the remains of a Roman settlement are
being excavated. There, they also found the colours and rhythms
which now define this scenography. Soil, formed through and
by time, introduces a state of mind, a mood which allows to talk
about underlaying emotions, about transience and continuance,
appearing and disappearing. Its intrinsic architecture - its sediments
and formations, the layeredness of its constitution - reminds of
both brute force and gentle evolution. The variety of its colours
and textures, its surfaces and patterns, is endless and expressive.
These material sources, from a variety of different stone residues,
are translated into different colors of textures in Antoine
architectural paints, in which we aimed to mimic them in most
detailed manner. The individual pieces in the installation are
made of aluminium, stone, concrete, earth and wood.

BRUT initiates a dialogue between designers with an
individual vision within a shared environment.
BRUT aims at creating meaningful objects which allow
a strong relationship with the user - a relationship
which transcends mere functionality.
BRUT introduces design objects and concepts
in which the emotional and sensory dimensions
shape the design and design process.
BRUT blends communality and individuality with a collectively
determined scenography which leaves room for personal identity.

As an immersion in the construction landscape, this project invites
to investigate the manufactured territory to question ourselves on
the future of the architectural world through the subject of the
materials, their origins, their reuse and their environmental impact.
Focused on the earth, this project explores more precisely the
various potentials of this local raw substance available in large
quantity in construction sites. Inspired by Lavoisier's idea that
"Nothing is lost, nothing is created, everything is transformed",
this research proposes to enhance and value this material as
a living and creative body. In this sense, by capturing these
sceneries with handcrafted negative clay-made films, the subject
becomes the object as a substantial fragment of reality.
This project was also the opportunity to dare and invent new
sensitive explorations by using pigments made out of Belgian
soils to print these visual explorations. Due to its handcrafted
approach and affinity with the light-sensitive photographic
process, the denomination 'Terragraphy' has been invented
in order to describe this empirical practice that reveals each
framed landscape through his own materiality. These visual
creations tend to go beyond their representative function, to
become a creative form of communication that appeals to a
sensitisation to construction materials and territory mutations.

Parametric design made in a not so obvious material and technique.

The process is 3D printing and the material is sand.
Very complex geometry is no problem.
The sand printing is normally used for negative molds for metal
casting, in this case the prints are the positive shape reinforced by
resin.

The object / sand can be reused very easily, no waste. Big size
printing possible (4 ×2x1 meter). Low power consumption, good
insulation, .

In my project I explore the long-term remnants of what is known as
the Anthropocene, or the Human Epoch. Humanity has had such
a profound impact on the natural world that nature has created
objects that wouldn't exist if it weren't for our interference - objects
that will remain long after we are gone. The objects that are going
to endure from the Anthropocene era, objects that have emerged
in step with human development, are known as technofossils. Unlike
regular fossils, which are derived from living things, technofossils
have been created by or as a result of human activity. A mineral
that has been formed by melted plastic washed up on beaches,
radioactive uranium glass marbles created by the first atomic bomb
test - these are the kinds of things we're leaving behind for future
generations to find. We are accustomed to talking about climate
impact in the near future, but I believe we need to see it from
a different perspective that looks even further ahead in time.

I chose to create the technofossils and the environments in
which they occur in 3D. These minerals hardly have any previous
documentation, working with digital tools gave me the opportunity
to create a concrete interpretation of them based on the small
amount of material I've found. By creating them in 3D I got the
possibility to really enhance their unique qualities and add an
almost surreal feel to the project, even though it's all based on
facts. If also felt fitting to create them digitally since the subject
of the project is the future and what we're leaving behind as
a civilization, who's to say that it will be something physical? It
might as well be objects that only exist in a digital space.

Saying that my project contributes to a better world is a big
statement. My project shows what we leave behind after we're
gone if we don't change our ways. Talking about the future
and whether or not we'll be in it can seem scary. By narrowing
it down and only showing a few specific consequences
of our time, I hope that the topic will be easier to tackle
and understand. I'm not sure if my project contributes to
a better world, but hopefully it helps people approach a
heavy subject and see the world for what it is today.

Throughout billions of years, these soils moulded by
the wear and tear of the bedrock are now eroded,
broke, dissolved, and reduced to 'earth'.
Our ground is constituted by this whole process of soil
decomposition, constructed with grains of different
shapes. However, these rocks are not only the earth's
origin. After a long travel, they will return to their initial
state. Thus, stone, gravel, sand, silt, clay are only ephemeral
and constitute a transitory state of the mineral matter.
This is through the life cycles attached to the world we perceived,
lived, and anticipated, that the notion of time makes sense. The
structure aims to be engaged, it is meant to think of time and
matter as giving birth to an inside scene made with earth. This
natural element is divided by time. Modelled by Man's hand,
it is taking the shape of artificial rock, like an extension of
humans' constructions. The way this scene is displayed is meant
to invite the visitor, confronting him to the element. Through
its environment symbiosis, this structure is enhanced by a
construction method, as well as serving the visitor's introspection,
offering a place to rest, encouraging discussion and discovery.
This structure is meant to be luxurious and archaic for
complimenting the primitive aspect of the matter. So the structure
is questioning our relation with biotope in order to bring the
message forward to the audience. The piece is meant to be
ephemeral, placing the project into an exhibition time frame,
then the piece reaches the end of its cycle. Like the matter's own
composition, this useful matter will return to the Earth, and the
grains will find their way back in the geological history of the planet.
Symbolizing the brief stay of humans on the planet.

'Gravity Claze Series' is a series of 3D printed objects where
the final result deviates from the digitally designed forms. A
series of shape experiments explores how the self-developed
clay submits to gravity during the firing process.

A ceramic 3D printer prints artefacts with self-developed
clay that expands under high temperature and changes
the shape of the original digital print. The precision of the
printing is used to understand the unpredictability of the
material experiments. The work explores the relationship
between materiality, design and 'happy accidents'.

The project bridges the gap between digital processes and the
world of crafts and seeks out how imperfection and alchemical
glitches can also be part of a digitally controlled environment.
This project was made within the 'Format' programme with the support of Z33.

The Daki series started with this meditation stool, claiming a space
for self-awareness, opposing the speed of our daily lives. Once I
found this beautiful raw material I almost instantly had an idea of
what it wanted to become. There are so many, still useful materials
that can be mined out of dumpsters and be given a second life
through revaluation. The goal here was to find a simple and playful
way of composing while maintaining the identity of the material
along with its history.

The use of stone as a seating brings an extra sense of grounding.
Aligning us even more with our vertical axis connecting the earth's
core and outer space. Each work receives its coordinates indicating
where the slates came from.
Steel has been used as a durable supporting structure and for the
finishing detail at the centre. An fun anecdote here is that the Iron
atom (steels main component) was formed by nuclear fusion at the
centre of stars and arrived at our planet after the occurrence of
supernovas.
Silicon is used here to hold the slates together and as a shock
absorber.
Because of the slate's physical structure (thin plane layers of
different minerals) the silicon can easily be separated from the stone
with some force.

As an upcycled object it is designed to be easily recycled and
repaired. The Daki series are stools with a minimised yet maximised
amount of comfort. The slightly angled seating surface corrects the
spine into a healthier position. Within the philosophy of the object
taking care of you, I always intend to return the favour. Therefor I
provide a document in most of my younger objects containing an
(after- )life agency which helps the object and materials to endure
time.

This piece started as a visual and technical experiment deriving from
old sand casting techniques and a fascination for ant nests. In this
period I also had a light frustration towards controlled 3D-printing
technologies...So I tried to create these unpredictable and liquid
forms where the final shape is a result of the uncontrolled.

Plaster was used to create liquid yet solid shapes for this
experiment.
Sand was used as a bedding and serving as the casting mold.

Within the process of creation there was this thing about letting
go of expectations. We live in a hyper controlled environment and
I surely love to counter that. Through this object wanted state the
importance of organic flow, imperfection and alignment with the
natural language.

Industria is about local material agency. It draws on the
use of ceramic in both sacred and secular cultures through
which the design history of energy vessels, signage and
contemporary construction methods are investigated.
What do prehistoric incense burners and modern nuclear
industry have in common? The project interlinks their formal
features, connecting ideas on physical and spiritual energy and it's
production.

The project was sparked by the ceramic culture in Andalusia, Spain
during a two-month residency at Arteventura, Spain in 2019. My
visits to neighbors in Corteconcepcion, local stores and bars
where the draft handles would be made out of simple glazed
clay and all the plates and pots had the same chunkiness about
them, made for use, easy to replace and cheap in the making.
This ubiquitous material was deployed throughout history for any
ad hoc problem solving. While I was observing and researching
ceramic in this region I realized that the material was used to mine,
store, direct, commemorate and even generate, both spiritual
and physical energy. In order to understand the material better
I decided to source and process the clay myself from the soil of
the residency domain. Mining the material created a relation that
sparked a more intuitive creation process. I pierced the sides of
the ceramic objects in order to zip-tie them together so I could
interlock the formal features of the ceramics. This turned them
into a semi-modular system that connects ancient knowledge with
contemporary construction methods.

This work argues for material agency and proposes a closeness
to nature in our use of technology as we formulate the future.

'Possible Patterns' is a spatial intervention conceptualized for the
exhibition 'Variations in Earth'. BC and valerie_traan gallery invited
8 designers, artists and architects to explore the different qualities
and potentials of earth. They delve into this story and search
for the essence of the material together with local craftsmen.
'Possible Patterns' is comprised of modular elements. They
make up a large volume that emerges as a fragment of built
space. The modular elements that the intervention consists
of are made of rammed earth. There are 5 different shapes
that function intermodularly as a group. Among these, some
establish a scaled up/down version of themselves. 'Possible
Patterns' originates from research into the standardization and
customization of shapes, geometry and composition. Through
the work's modularity a multitude of configurations could be
(re)built. Within these modular units an additional experiment
is materialized through the creation of openings in the middle.
These openings have a visual impact, constituting small windows
to look through 'Possible Patterns' from different sides. Yet they
also bring forward fragility in terms of the material stability of
rammed earth. Usually, mud bricks do not contain openings within
their own volume. Pushing their distinctive balance to its limit,
challenges and activates the senses and experience of the viewer.

Possible Patters is made of rammed earth.
Often my work is meant to be a conduit for interrelating
human construction and nature. I explore material
transformations that originate from the landscape, such
as soil becoming a wall, or mud becoming a brick.
Moreover the esthetic through the contrast of raw, natural
materials (such as in this case soil) and concrete, manmade
objects symbolizes our human history, modifying the landscape
throughout time, up until having entered the Anthropocene.

Some types of earth, specifically loam soil, can be
transformed into rammed earth, a construction material
that does not require any artificial additives. "Possible
Patterns' shows the reality of loam earth's potential and
its versatility as an ecological construction material.
Typically the objects and spaces that surround us, are a result
of hidden mass- productions that we have little access to. In
society where industrialization, digitalization and globalization
seem to produce rather long and complex processes,
it becomes more rare to feel familiar or in touch with direct and
self-controlled processes of creation. In contrast, ancient methods
are often very straightforward, where the beginning - raw
substance - and the end - the product - are in very close relation.
Objects or spaces are made in proximity and immediacy of
the site where the raw materials are located and sourced. I am
particularly interested in tracing down sculptural components
to raw materials. In my work I explicitly show where I find these
raw materials in nature in order to create objects or spaces.

For the work 'Escapism', Nina starts from materials such
as ceramics, concrete, plaster and glass. She uses them to
produce round shapes which she stacks in every possible
way. She makes each shape completely by hand, playing with
the properties of the material: the brutality of concrete, the
suppleness or, on the contrary, the fragility of different kinds
of clay, the shades that are created when firing glaze.
She uses every means to shape the material. Concrete and plaster
are cast in different moulds, ceramics are modelled by hand, but
can just as well be pressed into a mould. Here, the hand-crafted
character is reinforced by the visible seams that result from
working in these moulds. Any method of shaping a material is
allowed. And that also applies to the glaze with which she works.
Nina doesn't try to avoid so-called 'glaze flaws', but actively seeks
them out; imperfections and colour differences can give much
more depth to the glaze and therefore also to the shape of an
object. This visible malleability of the work is an important aspect
in her artistic practice. Nina is looking for a working method in
which she can show the material in its purest form and beauty.

Nina combines the round shapes into modular stacks. How
can I bring the different materials together in their pure form
into objects in which they connect with each other? That
is what she is looking for when she places shapes on top
of and next to each other. She defines that 'connecting' in
opposites: how can you bring hard and soft together, smooth
and rough, transparency and density, 'rich' and 'poor'?
Nina brings her cylindrical shapes together in modular
installations that take on different compositions depending
on the space. Like a living organism or even a landscape
that changes with the light in the different seasons, with
growth, flowering and decay in the successive phases.

The project investigates the mining behind clay and ways to lessen
the extractive impact by researching local river clays and the
treatment and reuse of asbestos as a filler. The research over these
contemporary issues and aims happens trough rethinking traditional
techniques, such as throwing on the potter's wheel and agateware.

In the first section of the research, the white stoneware WB04256,
industrially mined and processed, stabilises the river earthenware
throughout a marbling technique, traditionally applied for
decorative aims, and allows to tell and compare two contrasting
extractive stories. The objects are thrown on the potter's wheel,
which enables the clay to reveal its personality through a mutual
conversation with the maker's hands. Since potters say that to start
understanding the material it is crucial to throw at least one hundred
posts, the designer has led one hundred samples of conversations.
The second part, concerning the reuse of asbestos after treatment,
develops a series of outdoor and indoor tiles. The river clay
is mixed with the asbestos already chemically treated and
crushed into powder form. The chemical treatment itself, done
in collaboration with the research centre and company Asbetter
Acids, reuses waste chemicals from Rotterdam and produces no
waste. The treated asbestos gives insulating characteristics and
lightness to the clay, opening up new futures for the material and
reducing the carbon emissions due to heavy transportation.

On the one hand, the clay from the Maas, being a river-clay, is
in continuous formation. The harvesting act allows to clean
and regenerate the riverbanks. It promotes care for what gets
dispersed in water bodies and then absorbed into the clay, and
considerably reduces the pollution otherwise produced by
long transportation. On the other, the treatment of asbestos
and the reuse as a filler allows to recoup waste coming from
an unwanted stigmatised material and decrease the amount of
mined clay. After the treatment, asbestos partly keeps its heat
resistance, adding insulating properties and extra lightness to
the clay. Asbestos, when merely dumped, stays dangerous in
the landscape, causing high maintenance costs, threatening
the life of the workers, and preventing the recoup of precious
materials from landfills. Moreover, treating and reusing asbestos
counteracts illegal dismissals induced by the high removal costs.

For the exhibition Variations in Earth at Gallery Valerie Traan,
we presented a series of vessels made of four different types
of earth.The clays that they used for these vessels were taken
during their travels between 2014 and 2019 in Zion Canyon
(USA), Stockholm (SE), Zagreb (CR) and Le Crotoy (FR).

We used clay mixed with sand to make these vessels. Normally,
we fire our clay objects. This time, we did not fire the clay, but
used a laser engraver to work the surface of the vessels. The
laser transforms the clay on the surface and superficially burns
and melts it. Each clay - depending on the oxides and chemicals
in the clay - reacts differently to the laser causing the surface
to color in various ways. The four vessels show the variety of
colors and shades that can be achieved with this technique.

Unfired clay is a circular material. You can put it in water, and
it becomes re-usable again. The firing of ceramics uses a lot of
energy, and fired ceramics is not recyclable. Looking at how well
the objects stay without firing them, gives us an insight in the
use of unfired clay and earth for utilitarian objetcs. All earth was
taken by Unfold during our trips. The price of each piece was
calculated taking into account the weight and the distance to
Antwerp. That's why the tiny vessel from the USA is very pricy.

In September 2018, humanity witnessed the destruction of one
of the largest archaeological collections in history. The Museu
Nacional in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, was 90% reduced to ashes. By
early 2019, just over 2,000 artefacts had already been excavated
from the ashes. Some in relatively good, others in poor condition.
During the twenty years before the fire, hundreds of artefacts
were scanned by museum researchers. These scans, initially
intended for research, are now the only remaining 'ghosts' of the
once rich collection. Many museums have scanned parts of their
collections. But what strategies, methodologies and visions can
be developed around this trend of digitisation, and how can we
use this data in a meaningful way to create new objects and see
history through decolonized glasses? With Atlas of Lost Finds we
will investigate how 3D scans and other digital data of ancient
artefacts can be used and deployed in a meaningful way. A first
case can be seen in this exhibition, in which we invited makers
and ceramists worldwide to recreate one of the lost artefacts from
Rio's National Museum: a Pre-Columbian Peruvian stirrup bottle
depicting a jaguar and a monkey. We nicknamed it Felideo.

Each participant used his or her own materials and processes
Many makers worked with the Felideo's original material, namely
ceramics, bought or dug up at various places in the world. Some
worked with other materials such as recycled plastic, wooden
beams from the museum's building that survived the fire or
ashes. Each participants choose his or her own materials and
processes to tell what they think is important in this project.

In Atlas of Lost Finds, we collaboratively investigate how new
artefacts can be created from the data and the stories of heritage
whose physical counterpart has disappeared. Working with different
3D files of heritage objects and with different networks, we are
distinguishing new strategies to work with these kinds of data.
Through the act of copying, Atlas of Lost Finds wants to provoke a
conversation about different types of knowledge and knowledge
sharing, about overcoming our prejudices on history and about
really trying to give room to other types of perspectives, such as
Brazilian indigenous knowledge, than the dominant Western views.

Red Mud, also known as 'bauxite residue', is a waste of the alumina
industry. For every part of aluminium made, two and half times
more red mud is also produced. The result is 150 million tonnes
produced each year, and left unused in giant hazardous landfills, so
large they can be seen from space.
This project probes at our aversion to hazardous waste and the
realities of production aftermaths. As our resources deplete
and demand increases, new approaches to extractive modes of
production must be considered. 'The Red Mud' project asks: can
beauty can be found within the wastelands left behind?
Working with factories and research labs, ThusThat transforms the
industrial residue into ceramic bodies and glazes. The resulting
collections have been exhibited across the world including at
Biennale Arte 2019 in Venice, is part of the permanent collection
of the Design Museum London, and has lead to ongoing
collaborations in the development of architectural components with
various architectural and design studios. The pieces have also led
ThusThat to leading projects with various mining companies and
their R&D teams, in an effort to redirect their approach to waste
materials through a designer's lens.

Copper is the oldest metal used by humankind. Today, it has
become ubiquitous to our electrified, modern world. But the
production - and indeed even the recycling - of this ancient metal
produces large amounts of waste; one of which is 'slag'. Slag is a
black, glassy material that is cast aside during the smelting process
- a sort of man-made lava. Mountains of slag have grown since the
industrial era, with new mountains emerging in the age of electrics.
In a continuing exploration of slag in the 'This is Copper series',
ThusThat reunites the metal with its less desirable counterpart in
order to tell a more complete story about a metal that invisibly
permeates our everyday lives. They hope to shed light on the
material weight of our otherwise immaterial electric world.
In the 'This is Copper series', slag is used as a geopolymer concrete,
an alternative to cement with up to 80% lower eCO2 footprint.
ThusThat, in collaboration with the material scientists of KU Leuven,
explored the possibilities of geopolymerisation of slag, developing
a range of making techniques the speak to its potential in the
built environment. The geopolymer mortar is formed by hand in a
cob-style manner, leaving a texture that reflects the slag's molten
origins. The result is a series of monolithic shapes, echoing some
of the slag heaps scattered across the post-industrial landscapes of
the Cornwall and Benelux regions. The copper is hammered and
texturized using adapted forms of traditional coppersmithing, once
common to those very same landscapes, wrapping around the slag
mounds like the tailing ponds of the mines.

These shelves begin as standard sheets of aluminum that are
simply cut and welded into freehand, irregular geometries.
As easy as it seems, this simplicity is only possible due to
the modern tools, plasma cutting, and aluminum welding
techniques that are widely accessible in the 21st century. As
a result, these shelves are reminiscent of sketches quickly
drawn on paper, as well as aesthetically indebted to primitive
objects that unfold the personal skill sets of craftsmen. Their
appearance gives the viewer access to how the works are
produced, and reveals a glimpse of what could take shape if
we were to become producers of our daily environment.

The shelf is built from a single sheet of aluminium, and
requires nothing more than a plasma cutter and a welding
machine to be produced, leaving a great part of improvisation
and sketching to the producer of the work. The final
aesthetic of the piece is not dictated by the tools used and
allows a direct transformation of the base material.

In this object the maker of the object has the lead on the final
outcome. Giving an unusual freedom to the person handling
the tools to influence and decide the final aesthetic of the
object. The maker behind the object is not hidden behind
a structured production method anymore and leaves traces
of the tools and the personal choices on the final object.

Astor lighting a collaboration with Robbe Stevens, a table lamp
made of surplus steel tubes and glass bricks which initially were
used in concrete facades. These glass cylinders were inserted
in concrete walls enabling light to shine through. Wanting to
preserve their connection to light, we used them horizontally
instead of vertically and let the light shine out from within.

'Cartes' is a small table or desk which lies somewhere between
sculpturality and functionality, The piece is the result of an intuitive
search to equilibrium, tension and purity. The Cartesian doubt or
methodical doubt is in the philosophy of René Descartes a way of
seeking certainty by doubting everything. The tube is made out
of surplus steel which is over ordered from the gas industry, it is
sandblasted, brushed and varnished. The surface is sandblasted,
brushed and varnished steel.

The piece that will be presented at Design Fest Gent will be
part of the ongoing series, Wax on - Wax off. These series are
a collection of experiments of lost-wax casting and wax-dipping
processes. The wax dipping is done with a self-made machine
called TONK. TONK, a machine based on the old technique of
candle dipping, was created to explore shapes and forms through
a new medium. When combining TONK with the lost wax casting
technique, a unique piece is produced every single time.

The main materials that are used are wax (paraffine) and
metal, in this case bronze or aluminum. The pro cesses that are
being used are wax dipping (candle dipping technique with
a self-build machine) and the lost wax casting technique.
The reason that these materials and techniques are being
used is because the whole concept of this project started
with the idea of combing these two ancient techniques.
With adapting the technique of candle dipping I am able
to a create a diversity of shapes and objects in wax that are
being immortalized by using the lost wax casting technique.

Using ancient crafts and techniques helps us to understand the logic
behind it. With the use of modern technology we can reconstruct
crafts to create something new while staying aware of the origin.

Located in Mont-Saint-Guibert in an abandoned quarry with
great biodiversity, the watchtower offers visitors a vantage
point. The tower, largely built from local raw materials,
enters into a dialogue with the local character of the place.
The ground level provides a structural plinth for the project,
and this is where the most robust elements of the
construction are located: large blocks made with porphyry
dust, loam and cement. The layers above consist of small
bricks made of yellow sand and loam from the old quarry.
The wooden core rising between the solid brick walls
contains a staircase and supports the roof that protects the
unfired earthen walls from erosion by rain.
The tower offers visitors a unique introduction to local
building materials and craftsmanship, inviting them to
engage in an ever-changing dialogue with the landscape
during the ascent.

Two black walls made of rammed earth and residual waste
rise from the porphyry landscape, announcing the highest
point of a walking route around the Lessies quarry.
The hiker gets an impressive view of two extraction pits and
can continue the hiking trail from here by descending along
a staircase that is organically carved from the porphyry
slope. The arched roof, made with compressed earthen
stones, shows the structural capabilities of this circular
material and pays tribute to traditional solid building
systems.
The dark corridor provides visual tension and frames the
view.

Climate mitigation requires a new attitude towards building
materials and production processes. In the future, research
into sustainable building materials and innovative techniques
will become as important as the architectural result.
The Earth is a closed system and our stay here is only temporary,
That is why it is important to be aware and responsible with
everything that makes our stay on this planet possible. The current
economic system, which focuses on continuous, exponential
growth, with an ever-growing demand for industrially produced
consumer goods is increasingly being questioned. We are
therefore pleading for a fundamentally different structure of
our economic model. The linear system based on 'take, make
and waste' will therefore be replaced by a circular economy
Where we reuse products, where waste becomes a 'new raw
material', where local (bio) produced materials are mainstream and
where sustainable production is carried out for the long-term.
Waste as a raw material for the economy of tomorrow offers new
hopeful perspectives for a better ecological balance in the future.

Fieldwork in the industrial heartland of Wallonia, Namur, led to
a fascination with the silos and sculptures that pierce the
hybrid landscape. Inspired by Bend and Hilla Becher's
Anonymous Sculptures series, the project creates a new lens
to experience these industrial forms; retaining the allure of this
typology, it does not allow people to go 'in', but it provides
new
perspectives to
look
and look down.
Fully
prefabricated and dismountable, a timber frame sits on top of
repositioned interlocking concrete block walls that exist on the
site, with rammed earth blocks dry stacked in between the
platforms and steel tension cables holding them in place. The
resultant monument creates
new platform for the soil
research programme ran by Recynam, an organisation that
recovers and reuses building demolition waste in sustainable
ways.

Fieldwork in the industrial heartland of Wallonia, Namur, led to
a fascination with the silos and sculptures that pierce the
hybrid landscape. Inspired by Bend and Hilla Becher's
Anonymous Sculptures series, the project creates a new lens
to experience these industrial forms; retaining the allure of this
typology, it does not allow people to go 'in', but it provides
new
perspectives
to
look
up
and look down.
Fully
prefabricated and dismountable, a timber frame sits on top of
repositioned interlocking concrete block walls that exist on the
site, with rammed earth blocks dry stacked in between the
platforms and steel tension cables holding them in place. The
resultant monument creates a new platform for the soil
research programme ran by Recynam, an organisation that
recovers and reuses building demolition waste in sustainable
ways.

The Shelter is located in the former Bossime limestone quarry in the
region of Namur. Over time, nature has reclaimed the industrially carved
landscape. The design intent is to create a place of reconciliation
between man and nature. Situated at the end of a walking trail that
descends slowly from the woods at the top of the quarry to the lowest
level nearby the water, this exceptional spot in the heart of a recovering
ecosystem seemed appropriate for a shelter. Here one can rest, warm up
by the fire and quietly enjoy picturesque views of the surroundings.
The construction of the hut consists of a wooden skeleton filled with
prefabricated earthen blocks. A press machine has been developed to
ensure a building material that could be mixed with a minimal amount
of water, and the material dries quickly, which makes the building
process easier. The roof is constructed in a similar way; earthen vaults are
laid between wooden beams.
The design is an exploration of the logic and possibilities of building with
earth, an ancient archaic building material.

The site is located near Stekene in East Flanders and
is surrounded by a historic forest Den Bekaf*
where
many hikers come for a walk. The nature reserve has a
remarkable: bustle
that contrasts
with the
quiet
atmosphere in the abandoned quarry. To enioy this
tranquility and to observe the transforming landscape of
the former quarry, the project places a watchtower
between the trees. To protect the wild birds on site, a
large part of the quarry is kept inaccessible and the tower
is accessed via an existing path on the western edge of the
nature reserve. The watchtower is integrated into the
forest and consists of a base of wooden columns
surmounted by a viewing platform made of rammed
earth walls. A wooden staircase leads to the higher platform,
where the visitor can enjoy the view as an invisible
spectator.

The Rambler's Hut, located on the west side of the Ardennes
Coticule quarry in Lierneux, is designed to house a campfire.
The temporary shelter is partly carved out of the ground
and built with the loose-laid local stone. The wooden roof
structure consists of 20 primary beams that bear the load
of the natural purple coticule slates, which serve as the
roofing material. The structure can be easily disassembled
and reused in a future project. The natural stone walls, the
wooden structure, forested from a pine plantation next to
the quarry, and the coticule slates, are all regional building
materials.
The campfire hut combines vernacular craftsmanship
techniques, temporality and circularity in one design.

With the production of hand-formed bricks in historic ring
kilns, the Hove Brick Factory in Ninove is one of the last
artisanal brick factories in Flanders. Elongated drying halls,
old country roads and Flemish fields are specific for this
landscape. The rammed earth watchtower is designed for this
interesting place. The design is based on a self-developed
rammed earth block made with locally available and recycled
materials: broken red residual stones and locally excavated
loam and clay from a nearby quarry. The blocks are then cut
to the correct size and provided with holes necessary for
stacking and as support points for the wooden structure. This
wooden structure can be seen as a parasite structure that
is woven between each layer of blocks, giving the building
extra strength. After climbing the stairs to the upper platform,
the visitor can enjoy a 360° view of the nearby industrial and
natural landscape.

On the outskirts of Charleroi, the quarry Le Rocher Lombot,
one of the two former limestone quarries of Gralex, can be
found. To reactivate the relationship with the quarry on the
other side of the R4 motorway, the design is planted on the
existing footpaths in the area.
The rammed earth falcon tower or. 'Tour Faucon' is located
at the extreme and highest point of the trail. Built with
locally found raw materials, the design tells the visitor the
story of the quarry whilst reinterpreting the natural and
industrial history of the area.
The project provides a resting point where one can warm
up, alongside an array of smaller towers along the path that
provide barbecues. The towers provide landmarks at crucial
places along the former quarry. In this way, visitors are
invited to walk safely and linger in this unique landscape.

Every year an estimated 37 millions tons of earth is excavated in
Belgium, of which the majority is not re-used but mostly dropped
in mines or quarries. At the same time the construction sector is
responsible for 40% of the C02 emissions, one third of air pollution
and half of the resource (!) use.
BC materials wants to change this paradigm by blending and
transforming ordinary earth streams - officially considered waste
- into perfectly circular building materials, such as clay plasters,
compressed earth blocks and rammed earth.
The production process is CO2-neutral, as it does not need high
heating mechanisms, contrary to other building materials, and
eliminating thus the need for fossil fuels. And the products are
perfectly circular: in origin, as they were originally 'waste', and in
destination, as the materials are not chemically altered and can be
reused an infinite number of times.
Earth materials also offer better acoustics (4 times better than classic
gypsum), air quality (through humidity regulation) and thermal mass
(temperature mitigation: fresher in summer and warmer in winter).
Aside from transforming and selling materials, BC materials also
offers consultancy, R&D options & workshops & training.

Brusseleir is a circular loam plaster made of non-polluted,
undisturbed soil from Brussels city yards.
Composition: Yperian clay and/or Brabant Loess loam, Brusselian
sand and sand, mainly from soil from Brussels city yards.
Brickette is a circular compressed loam stone made from non-
polluted, undisturbed soil from Brussels city yards.
Composition: Yperian clay and/or Brabant Loess loam, and
Brusselian sand, mainly from soil from Brussels urban sites.
Optionally stabilized with 4% hydraulic lime.
Kastar is a circular rammed earth mixture made from non-polluted,
undisturbed soil from Brussels city sites.
Composition: Yperian clay and/or Brabant Loess loam, and
Brusselian sand, recycled sand and gravels, mainly from soil from
Brussels city yards.
Mortier is a circular loam mortar made from non-polluted
undisturbed soil from Brussels city yards
Composition Yperian clay and/or Brabant Loess loam, Brussels loess
sand and recycled sand, mainly from soil from Brussels city yards.

The new museum wing DING (Design in Ghent) will be future-
proof. Circularity, sustainability and innovation are paramount. An
innovative research trajectory is initiated to process (construction)
waste from the city of Ghent into a circular facing bricks. Experts
from BC Materials are developing a custom-made, low-carbon and
local alternative to brick with existing Ghent waste flows as the main
ingredient.

These bricks all feature recycled waste from Ghent as the main
ingredient, which helps to reduce the environmental impact of the
brick. These compressed lime bricks have lower embodied carbon
as they are not fired.

It is our ambition to develop a circular facing brick on the basis of
waste materials from the Ghent area.

In September 2018, one of the largest archaeological collections
in history was destroyed by fire. No less than 90% of the
Museu Nacional in Rio de Janeiro (Brazil) went up in smoke.
Fortunately, researchers at the museum had taken hundreds
of scans of the artefacts in the years preceding the fire. These
scans, which were primarily intended to be used for research,
are now the only remaining links to a once rich collection.
It's thereby no coincidence that Design Studio Unfold
recently launched a multi-annual research project entitled
Atlas of Lost Finds. Joining forces with other researchers,
designers and creators, it is investigating how 3D scans and
other digital data can be used in a meaningful way.
Its website lostfinds.org provides digital access to several different
cases. On the one hand, it challenges artists and designers to make
use of digital data obtained from scans, while, on the other, it
stimulates an interesting discussion on how the items could serve
as a starting point for new narratives about ownership, inclusion,
tradition and knowledge. An initial opening gambit with a pre-
Columbian horseshoe bottle as a model resulted in a collection
of 30 special bottles created by artists across the world. And
many more scans are waiting to be injected with a new life.
On the occasion of the Design Fest Gent, Unfold and KASK
are joining forces for a study into scaling up their 3D printers.
In order to be able to recreate Marajoara ceramics- which are
often impressively large - on the basis of the 3D scans, a larger
machine will have to be built. KASK is making its robot arm
available, Unfold its expertise. During Design Fest Gent, Unfold
will set up a laboratory in the Design Museum, where various
experiments will be conducted with the robot-arm clay printer.
Witness some of the first attempts to print a Marajoara urn.

In my practice, the manufacturing process is also important. To
sculpt these works of art, I use my own body, which is my sculpting
instrument. I create masks directly on my face, throw the clay
from a distance or hit and kick until I see a recognisable form. As
someone who sweats easily, I seem to be working very hard.
The process can thus be seen as something that relies heavily on
serendipity, of which I can neither be right nor wrong. Sometimes
I have no qualms about throwing a sculpture on the ground and
letting gravity do the work. In this way, I try to respect my matter
and translate the visual vocabulary in these sculptures. As someone
who sweats easily, I seem to be working very hard when I kick
and pound my sculptures. A literal battle with my own sculptures.
Sweating is something that is considered dirty, or at least in my
case I am not a big fan of it. It is an ugly feature of human beings
that just happens to be, and for me it is all about this ugly feature.
I don't consider a body like mine to be attractive compared to
the ideal standards of today's society. Kicking and punching
reinforces this ugly feeling for me. It is an ugly element that will
always be there and shows us that we humans are beasts that are
not as ideal as the sculpture of the Ancient Greeks and Romans
(who were not perfect either). My sculptures therefore always start
from the idea of the following oxymoron: an ugly beauty. I do not
strive for beautiful sculptures but for interesting ones. Sculptures
that frighten you because of their monstrous form or make you
laugh because they have been given a thump on the nose.
Art as a communicative medium gives me the opportunity to
normalise bodies of every shape. It would be boring if everyone
had the same body. If gender norms, sexuality or "people of colour"
are now linked to it, so much the better! In my ideal image, this
is my contribution to making the world a little nicer as an artist.

Since 2009, Unfold is exploring the proces of ceramic 3D printing in
their design practise. The expertise they have gained is multitude,
going from the building of machines to the different types of
clay in the world and the various software possibilities for 3D
printing. In this project, they collaborate with KASK to see in which
manner a UR10 robotic arm could be used for paste 3D printing.
During DFG, the boundaries of this machine will be explored
by doing different experiments, starting with the printing of a
Pre-Columbian Marajoara burial urn from the Amazon delta.

We will use earth-materials for these experiments, mostly (unfired)
clay, but also lime. Even though a material such as clay and
limestone has to be mined, it also can be found easily anywhere
in the world. Both materials can be used unfired, and in that
sense reused when cast away. Paste-extrusion is used as a making
proces to push the boundaries of both technique and material.

Experimenting, collaborating and sharing are at the base of this
project. Unfold open sourced their first designs of a ceramic
printer and has fostered a community of makers worldwide who
work with this technique. This community is sharing knowledge
to push the technique further. With this project, we would like to
give an insight view of what this technology can do. After Design
Fest Gent, the knowledge will be shared with the community.