present swirming giant teddy bear to explode the ocean horniness legacy is not an option 8============DTake it easy. a teenager Curling Hands? Pacific McDonalds messages such as girlfriend and boyfriend. impotent and lost My little Covid-19 kit says I am too stoned shaping an apocalypse disco in twitch and glide but somehow we all left anyway trusting the current. I am Negative. I cry sometimes I became a wet and smelly cat. did you all eat last night? Eat my code with your friends and family.

sexy noises I am an eel sexy eels, thicker and darker. Hey Fooo I’m a child. failure in Identification. 

My father eel was anonymous or all. My mother eel was goddess of all. 

I made my way to the soup. There's bits and pieces everywhere.I’m delicious and sexy.

how wonderful and sassy the noises like SSSSS or like EEEE or QWASERF

Scrimping eels in a saving mood, a bit euphoric about the upcoming event. “What do you like?” And I paused. And I haven’t stopped pausing since. I can’t find my way to Saragasso, I can’t find my little boxers and I’m terrified.

I am not yours, I realized that my body was no longer.making sexy currents, failing wet dream,I hope I know where to go to trace their tiny little cells

Sexy eels all the sexy eels I hear them, I hear them shaking up the waters the seas the lakes the rivers and seas and lakes. 
Like the lighting effortlessly and with so much grace. 
I swim. I’m delicious and sexy.
 
I want to be a glassy eel, yellow eel, silver eel and to be a larva again I am not your food I don't belong to your aquarium or your plate or your mouth or your teeth or your gullet or your stomach or your intestines or your bowels I am not your food I don't belong to your aquarium or your plate or your mouth or your teeth or your gullet or your stomach or your intestines or your bowels: I am not yours to decide. Becoming a non transparent individual is my life. Not only to be seen by others but in the end act as a silver mirror to look at myself and look back at my life.

The man is not shiny he reflects nothing. I don’t understand. I thought you came from outer space. Men are from Mars, right? You’re dull and hot and sticky and get away from me.
Still, I’m reluctant to call myself a dyke

how wonderful and sassy the noises like SSSSS or like EEEE or QWASERF
I love listening to them with my eel body
my eel particles
For I am the eel
only eels can understand the sexy noises
One time I was indistinguishable and that was wonderful

I’m delicious and sexy. Humans use me like a dildo

I function partly or entirely. I'm your partial or whole pleasure.

Hey Fooo, do you wanna go with me and check out what’s up there? 
I wanna find out what kind of machine they use not so far up there.
Hey Doo, do u wanna go with me  I’m kind of in a rush
I saw the machine they use up there and it made me blush
Now we get away from here,
free of pain and guilt
for we do not belong to fear
free of human quilts

the bed remembers whose egg is fertilised. 
the bed remembers the way. 
off they go in pairs of two.
three or four is taboo.

Let me in! I’m still looking for my cool mask and my little spandex shorts.The boxing ring is ruthless and I don't understand, I thought this was a match!

The babies have to know exactly who have born them!
For they are the eel.

but I’m shitting myself. One day I’ll do it

I collected currents, temperatures. And still I don’t know how to say, “I’m sorry, I’ve never been here before”. And still, I don’t know how to stop apologizing.

I am as long as I will live. 

I pass to you the genes, the genes that will tell you how to survive. And yet I'm still not sure. How come I'm on the plate if my genes are so wonderfully intricate. Shouldn't I be shaking the waters in the most wonderful ways?

I made my way to the soup I came from. It’s like walking in and out of the same room and thinking I will die in there. I sometimes think about heaven or hell. Heaven is slime. Hell is salt. When I die I want to die in slime not salt. And I wanna die having an orgasm. It’s hard to cum, it’s hard to stay.
Reflecting the sun beautifully Going through currents With or against them

I would really rather not be expensive. I can't buy jewellery and I don't care for dolls to play with. There's more to do, there's more to spit, there's more to make!

Ships and containers
Currents and commodities
Not me
I am the newborn
I travel where I want to
Or will I be shipped and contained
Along the currents like commodities
Me
For I am the real eel

Hah! You couldn’t count my eggs if you wanted to.

My body still remains translucent, reflecting the sun
I never got there. I’ll never die.
I'll never have sex, how comforting.
Dying eventually becomes obsolete.
Still, I’m reluctant to pass to you the genes


PEOPLE UP THERE are obsessed with blood. They don’t understand that you don’t need it to go back to Saragasso

rararararara~ Oopsy rock scissor paper! life is too long. how many AH Perhaps seven of them?Isn’t that crazy?Sex appeal Happy eel Booouse me  But you see I two houses shine I sexy

Becoming real Happy meal I am not your food I don't belong to your aquarium or your plate or your mouth or your teeth or your gullet or your stomach or your intestines or your bowels

When the fat human male with his hair greyish, his face twisted in a state of a sudden, everything matters. He became eel.The man is not shiny. He would end up being on my plate. (It must be very expensive). 

I hear them coming I hear them coming I hear them coming

Along the currents I'm a REAL eel. But once I get to Saragasso I'm shy and I can't die.

PEOPLE UP THERE don't know what it's like to be food. It's great. I am everywhere.

A guide on fleeing the cispool: don't wait for the weather to turn, get to the salt of the Earth. Don't fall into the arms of the rockets and the cryogenic chambers. It's okay to be scared; it's hard to cum, it's hard to stay.


Sexy eels, all the sexy eels I hear them.
I hear them shaking up the waters, the seas, the lakes, the rivers and seas and lakes. Like the lighting effortlessly and with so much grace.
I swim. I’m delicious and sexy.
Ready to ride, ride the currents ride the waves.
I ride.
I’m delicious and sexy.
Sexy eels, all the sexy eels I hear them.
I hear them shaking up the water.
Becoming a non transparent individual is my life.
I might not return, to reproduce, to spawn.
Maybe I don’t want to.
I might sleep for 150 years.
I am not yours to decide.

I am the eel that is glamorous and curvy and the kind that you would die for

Dear water, I am ready to go, to grow. I did not learn being able to survive. I live from this data, from this tiny little cells. Like one of these machines feed with information. Informations others have collected on their path.

I encountered a dead eel while I was canoeing in Utrecht last month. As you can see it in the top right corner of the map, the corpse was partly decayed but was still recognizable as a European eel. Our walking path today will represent the lived trajectory of this organism. The bodies of eels, like the bodies of humans, are aligned in a certain orientation by its surrounding. It is known that the eels in the European continent travel back to the Sargasso Sea, the center of the Atlantic Ocean in the very last phase of their life. Once gathering there, they will have sex and die. In the water they released sperms and eggs, in other words, in the same area of the ocean they were born, newborn eels will emerge and initiate their migration to the bodies of fresh water in Europe. You can find what this circular path looks like on the map. The fact that we’re walking together makes our bodies aligned in a particular way. The path that we will walk today will correspond to a part of the path of eels. We will begin from the point where the eel died, and speculate backward along the life of this eel.

Let’s return to the moment of its death, and try to imagine what could have been the very last thoughts of the eel. I can only assume that it might be related to the long travel it was awaiting. By a significant chance, what could have been in the mind of the eel shortly before its death was an anticipation of the journy to the Sargasso Sea that promises an opportunity of reproduction. This wish, however, is highly speculative because only a very small number of eels accomplish their way back to the Sargasso Sea, and most of them die on their way. The journey is becoming increasingly precarious. And even if there can be an eel that is extremely determined and lucky enough to make its way, it doesn’t know if the Sargasso Sea that it will arrive is still the Sargasso Sea where they were born decades ago. Is the spawning ground still in the same place? Does the Sargasso Sea still exist?

The forward-looking speculative motivation makes an eel move, consequently, constructing the narratives of eels that we typically perceive as humans. This narrative, and more specifically, its product matters to humans. The marinated and vacuumed-sealed bodies of eels are highly profitable gourmet commodities that can be only reproduced in nature. There’s a long history of humans trying to inseminate and breed eels artificially, yet none of those efforts have been successful. The aquaculture of eel requires juvenile eels to be grown in a farm that are captured while migrating upstream. This way, the sexuality of eels are in alignment with capitalism and consumerism. Perhaps, the sexual speculation of eels resembles the capitalist speculations of humans, in the sense that they’re both fueled by the profits of the future. Beautiful architectural renderings created by real estate corporations, innovative startups decorated with buzzwords, bitcoins, and NFTs, rockets and space travels, growth, scale, spectacles! These images promise a flourish, like what the Sargasso Sea does to eels, while being silent about the bodies that are too unsuccessful and insignificant to be represented in the bright and flawless future that can be sold. Who’s included in this future? Who’s excluded from this future? Who’s going to profit from this future? Who’s going to be exploited from this future? Where’s the space for the workers at the Amazon warehouse, domestic workers, caregivers, the queers, people of color, immigrants, and a dead, unsuccessful eel to be included in this future?

I insist that one of the ways of telling the story of a dead eel could be speculating backward. We can partly experience this by questioning why the eel died. There are many factors that can make an eel die, such as aging, stress, illness, starvation, excessive ammonia/nitrates/nitrite level, wrong pH level and temperature, lack of oxygen, toxic algae, attack by a predator, bacterial imbalance, etc. The exact cause remains extremely obscure, not only about the demise of this particular eel, but the death that is so widespread among the species. We still don’t understand why there was a sudden and drastic decline of the eel population in the late 1980s since we know too little about the ecology of eels, yet we bluntly suspect it’s very likely to be caused by humans, perhaps climate change, overfishing or constructions of dams. Unlike the vividness of high-resolution renderings of the urban development plan, our perception of the eel’s death is blurry and pixelated. The unsuccessful and insignificant bodies tend to appear obscure. We can only look backward and hypothesize in order to tell their stories of failures. Questioning why the eel died is inevitably a practice of speculation, as speculative as a real estate development plan, yet oriented differently. The profit that the forward-looking speculations propose places the precarious bodies in its background that can only be seen by speculating backward, primarily by speculating how an eel died. Meaningful speculative fictions are not necessarily about the Future with a capital F.

The deliberate act of looking back, deviating from the forward-looking narratives will help us also look sideways. The death of an eel is already adjacent to the global urgencies such as climate change, developmentalism, urbanization, consumerism, and entangled with countless other precarious bodies such as bacteria, algae, sargassum seaweed, parasitic nematode worms, humans. I believe that it’s not too erratic to assume that what caused the death of the eel I saw, or the reason of the critical decline of the eel population is the same chunk of powerstructure that kills people of color, bans abortion, marginalizes the queers, discriminates the immigrants, makes food and housing unavialble, ignites a war, warms up the planet. Having this in mind, questioning why an eel died is to form a loose yet broad alliance between an eel and all the other precarious bodies in the planet.

By traveling backward, we reached the Sargasso Sea where the dead eel was born. This is also the destination that it might have envisaged, but we approached it from the opposite side. In this sea, eels supposedly gather and tell stories enveloped in their sperms and eggs. This telling of story is not a singular, but rather consists of numerous non-aligned stories, like the countless sideways that the process of backward-looking speculation opened up. These stories are clearly not a narrative created, and spoken by a singular heroic figure that is exclusively experienced by a homogenous group with a certain type of body. We arrived here to tell stories by looking at each other. Please read out loud what you can find from your neighbor’s body. It doesn’t have to be synchronized, and might sould like collective mumbling. “It matters what matters we use to think other matters with; it matters what stories we tell to tell other stories with; it matters what knots knot knots, what thoughts think thoughts, what descriptions describe descriptions, what ties tie ties. It matters what stories make worlds, what worlds make stories.”

Eel’ is the name that humans gave to elongated fish. Various species such as freshwater eels, electric eels, swamp eels, spiny eels, and not only fish, but also some amphibians, are called eels even though there is no ecological, physiological, or taxonomic relationship between them. What makes them ‘eels’ is not what they are, but the human perception of their shape. Despite its human-centeredness, throughout this text I will use the word ‘eel’ to refer to the Anguillidae, a family of fish that contains the freshwater eels, and especially the European eel (Anguilla anguilla).

One of us has a microchip injected under her neck skin for identification; the other has a photo ID California driver’s license. One of us has a written record of her ancestors for twenty generations; one of us does not know her great grandparents’ name. One of us, product of a vast genetic mixture, is called ‘purebred’. One of us, equally product of a vast mixture, is called ‘white’. Each of these names designates a racial discourse, and we both inherit their consequences in our flesh. 

Queering is not only a deviation from hetero-cis-normativity, but also a spontaneous discovery of an interspecies entanglement. A transgender person undergoing hormone replacement therapy builds an intimate connection with horses by consuming conjugated estrogen produced from the urine of pregnant mares. And again through urine, estrogen travels from human bodies to rivers, and ‘queers’ the aquatic ecosystem by increasing the rate of ‘intersex’ fish. Hormones travel between species sharing receptors for the same molecules, in this case starting from mares to humans and eventually to fish. Eels are also part of a network of organisms loosely connected with hormones. The very first artificial sexual maturation of a male eel was done by injecting the eel with the urine extract of pregnant women. It was discovered later that what induced the spermatogenesis was human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), the same hormone that a pregnancy test strip detects from urine. 

From the beginning of 2021, I spent more than six months reading about the life cycle of eels, finding multiple tentacles–hormones that I mentioned earlier are one of these–connecting my identity to that of eels. My lifelong process of queering as a transgender immigrant has been a process of budding out those appendages which will be elaborated further in the following paragraphs. By stating that it was from my side that those limbs grew, I acknowledge this observation is inevitably human-centered, and it is crucial to understand why humans produced the eel-related knowledge that I referenced. What drove humans to study eelsthe eel-studies were extremely normative motivations, such as their high commercial value as a food source, or a white male psychologist’s fetish for phallic shapes. My investigation is about appropriating those knowledges into queer narratives, in short, queering eels.

Eels are immigrants whose existence initiates and concludes with acts of migration. Eels are born in the Sargasso Sea, the heart of the Atlantic Ocean, migrate to Europe and the Americas, and travel back to where they were born to procreate and die. Unlike the straight, fragmented, aimlessly expanding routes of humans, eels have drawn numerous circular paths overlapping, over generations, at the Sargasso Sea.

Eels confront the vastness of the open water by relying on their senses. Eels read the moon, smell the water, feel the ocean currents, and sense Earth's magnetic field in order to recognise which direction they should face toward. The paths of eels are traces of their bodily self-orientation. There is no straight line guiding an eel toward its destination, and none of their traces strictly align to one another, only intersecting at their spawning group, the Sargasso Sea. These paths make them see the world differently. As they travel deeper into the sea, the eels’ eye structure begins to change, increasing in size to receive more light. The colour that their monochrome vision is most sensitive to shifts in frequency from green (523 nm) to blue (482 nm) as they descend. 

Eels undergo several drastic steps of metamorphosis throughout their life. Eels, at different stages of growth, were once misinterpreted as different species. Young eels are sometimes called glass eels due to their transparent bodies, and as they mature they turn darker as their skin accumulates pigment. The human-made social construct of race, oftentimes arbitrarily assigned based on pigment concentration, cannot function as a rigid category for eel identification considering they are born ‘white’ and die ‘black’.

Eels can even postpone their own ageing processes, and even death, depending on their migration back to their spawning ground. An eel that was caught in a well in Sweden lived more than 150 years in an immature state since it couldn't travel. Their perception of time is not ruled by calendars and clocks but rather, like a circular container for contraceptive pills, it is represented by an intricate endocrinological system reacting to how close they are to the moment of having sex and procreating.

Eels are sexually immature most of the time, and it is common for them to have undifferentiated or intersex gonads. Their genitals become apparent at the very last stage of life for one-time use, which made humans’ obsession with categorising eels’ genitals into binary taxonomic frameworks unsuccessful for a long time. Eels have sex in such an obscure way that no human has ever witnessed their spawning behaviours in nature. It is theorised that eels from all over Europe gather in the Sargasso Sea to have sex as a massive group. Monogamous norms do not restrict their sexual intercourse, nor are they dependent on physical contact as they use the open water as a medium for spreading sperm and eggs. Newborn eels emerge from the spawning water by encounters of reproductive cells.
A newborn eel emerges when a pair from those clouds of reproductive cells encounter one another.

Eels are delicious and therefore a very attractive commodity for humans. This aspect has been the driving force when it comes to investing more resources into eel research. There is a growing urgency for eel studies since there was a sudden and drastic decline of the eel population in the late 1980s due to a reason that is still unknown but very likely to be anthropogenic. The heightened scarcity of eels sparked ambitious research into eel aquaculture, yet there has yet to be a single successful case of a fully grown artificially inseminated eel that is attributed to aquaculture.

Eels have a range of senses that coincide with the signals of human disasters. It might not be only humans who perceived the crisis of eels, but also eels that felt the catastrophes of humans. Eels can hear sounds of very low frequency, lower than 20 Hz, which are referred to as infrasound. Infrasound emits from sources with enormous energy, such as sonic booms, nuclear and chemical explosions, and diesel engines. Likewise, the range of electromagnetic waves that eels can perceive includes the frequency of military submarine communication and emergency radio. The ocean, where eels are born and die, has been getting increasingly full of human-made debris, providing more materials than ever for eels to experience the material culture of humans. The realisation that humans are not the only beings with subjectivity, who can make observations and ask questions, inspired me to come up with a fictional supposition: Since humans have long been inquisitive about how eels have sex, eels have also questioned how humans have sex. If so, then how does an eel imagine the sexual intercourses of humans?

Human speculations of how eels have sex most often reflected their own biases, especially their binary beliefs on gender, and caused hilarious misunderstandings. Aristotle concluded that eels lack sex and that they emerged from earthworms, and Freud dissected more than 400 eels to find their genitals. Eels have been associated with the phallus because of their elongated shape, despite the fact that there’s no phallus involved in the sexual intercourse of eels. Still, in many cultures eels are perceived as an aphrodisiac, and in some films and pornography, eels are treated as extra-large-sized, animate dildos. Similarly, the speculations of an eel are inseparable from its perspective formed by lifelong migration and metamorphosis. The human way of living, interpreted from an eel-centric standpoint, might not align with what you experience as a human. The eel that I attempted to queer, can become a queering-eel, that cognitively reconstructs the human world by misunderstanding our reproductive lifecycle. So, how do humans have sex?

A circular plastic case enclosing solid pieces of highly concentrated estradiol is found by eels, intriguing them to speculate about humans’ bodily perception of time. For eels, time is an endocrinological phenomenon. In this regard, the container is perceived as a timepiece. The circular structure of the container and the numbers indicated on its segments enabled the eels to understand the container as a representation of the human life cycle. Humans have to ingest the hormones contained in it to go to the next phase of their life. Hormones fuel the running of time for both eels and humans.

Eels gain insight into humans' pigmentation from PVC stickers with assorted colours ranging from beige to brown. The sticker, with a cotton pad on one side, was supposedly attached to human skin. The colour of the sticker corresponds to the colour of skin that it should be applied on. Like that of eels, pigments in human skin tissue are concentrated throughout their life; therefore, the older a human is, the darker their skin colour becomes. Seeing that the majority of the stickers are light beige, the eels believe there is very little chance for humans to survive until old age. The distribution of skin pigmentation – in other words, the distribution of the age of humans  – is very similar to that of eels, considering that the journeys of eels are full of threat, and a very small number of eels actually finish their journeys.

Eels discovered that there might be an endocrinological correlation between the genital development of eels and humans. They found a plastic case with a paper strip inside containing antibodies that react to human chorionic gonadotropin, the hormone that induces the sexual maturation of male eels. Some eels also reported that their testes were developed after being exposed to human urine. The eels concluded that the formulation of the genitals of eels and humans is triggered by the same hormone, and the paper strip is to test if the genitalia of a human is mature enough for reproduction.

It was shortly before the era of warmer water that eels started hearing repeated noises of very low frequency. Later, it was discovered that the sounds came from the sexual intercourses of humans. This range of sounds emit from sources with enormous energy, such as sonic booms and nuclear explosions, which made the eels understand how explosive it is when humans have sex: powerful enough to heat up the ocean.

Humans gather at a spawning ground and procreate once their genitals are fully formed. This spawning ground had been confined to seashores because they also rely on water to propagate their gametes, which is extremely inefficient for land animals like humans. Their history has been a continuous process of domesticating water for spawning. The exponential increase of the human population could happen only after humans brought water into inland cities to accommodate large populations having sex. They used standardised fittings that connect hollow metallic cylinders to construct a massive irrigation infrastructure to transport their sperm and eggs. Millions of humans gathered in cities release their reproductive cells all at once as communal sexual intercourse.

Eels predict that humans conclude their lives shortly after spawning, and newborn humans emerge from the water through the mixing of reproductive cells. They are released from the irrigation system into the city, where all their parents have spawned and died. The newborns abandon the city soon after in order to start their travels and return to the city only at the end of their lives to reproduce.
Newborn humans, born in one city, migrate to another city where they eventually have sex and die. Even though human intercourses take place further than ever from a body of water, 14 of the world's 17 largest spawning grounds are found along coasts. A significant number of humans travel along coastlines and stop at a certain city to reproduce. The sexual maturation of a human described earlier gets triggered only when their movements slow down and is completed when the journey concludes. It is still unknown what makes a human choose which city to spawn in, and the age of humans participating in the intercourse varies unpredictably. The most popular myth about the human life cycle—that there’s a human tenaciously refusing procreation, living almost immortally in a sexually-immature state, making countless rounds of the continent’s coastlines—is based on the migratory behaviour of humans, however, it is not yet identified if such a human exists.
