A temple originates from holes. A hole is "a concave, hollowed-out thing", "A leaf a gourd a shell a net a bag a sling a sack a bottle a pot a box a container. A holder. A recipient" to put "useful, edible, or beautiful" in. The bricks by themselves can not construct a temple, yet they have to be aligned by the holes. The use of a brick is not determined by its mere concrete mass but by the negative space that it encapsulates.

In the first day of building the Off-temple, we had to widen the holes for those to contain more stories, to make their connections more intimate, to make the wall more porous and permeable. We lubricated the pipes — a pipe is a stick with a hole — that go through the holes and connect those.

We, Bebe books, question if there can be a queer temple. As Sarah Ahmed wrote, “Space is not a container for the body: it does not contain the body as if the body were ‘in it’/ Rather bodies are submerged, such that they become the space that they inhabit.” If we suppose a temple for queer bodies, its shape and function must have been formed by the queer bodies that it encompasses, while it will queer those bodies spontaneously. We decided to call this the Off-temple: A temple that is not aligned. During Santarcangelo Festival, we will construct a prototype of the Off-temple using our queer bodies as a form of collective and hands-on speculation for ten days.

The construction Off-temple is the practice of the commons, involving uncountable queer hands stacking bricks, making embroideries, holding one another and performing rituals. We anticipate the Off-temple to be a carrier bag built at an architectural scale. Through the porous brick wall, it will sense global precarity and absorb queer bodies and their vulnerable stories. The Off-temple will be soon filled with their emotions, relations, and interactions, and will let stories emerge. We will gather the crumbles of the queer history articulated in ambiguous and fragmented languages, sew their edges together, and create a patchwork. The Off-temple will become a symbol of this formation and narration of history while resisting the temptation for scale and spectacle.

Rituals give you energy and the inclusion of queerness in church. The connection between the ritual and the structure, an idea after every ritual they help to build the temple with a stone. Towards what we build this structure.

What is the glue between the ritual and temple? Theme ‘Queer Joy’

For example, embroidery can be pillow/carpet/garment for inside the temple, 

What is the element, and why always a different ritual?

Writing ritual into the bible, collectively make the icon.

Take the built objects:ideas: things to the other locations.

Ritual how to create the sound/exercises together

Elements of the temple connected to rituals

Reach out to bright room

Queer the starting ritual
Washing ritual (bath), bathing culture, undressing and redressing, being naked, remembering baptism everytime you wash
Gay sauna, douching  
Washing-hydrofeminism
Reclaiming pre-christian ritual
changing the notion of Purity? Water as contaminant 
Not purity, but about co-belonging

Sacrifice, Fasting
Rejection of food
Reframing sacrifice
Sacrificing animals, a body that is sacrificed in some way
What does that offer to the other bodies/communities?

Scared space is set apart from the world
Presence or escape from the outside
Is the “god” already present by gathering? Or does it exist outside
Making a list of questions? (In christian traditions, it’s usually both)

Safe-space, String needs tension for tie die, tension required for the string-figure making. Is it safe enough to allow conflict?

In Temporality: In queer theory, tension of no-future vs queer futurism

What powersystem do you intend to reinforce/challenge? Exhausting rationality

Desire-in the carrier bag, requires negotiation! Porn is an orienting of desire. Porns are the “windows in the heaven”

Everyone brings their own religious history. Aids quilt

Symbol (), yonic shape?

Gloryholes as a confession booth

Joy and care as a decolonial practice, Desire

How to make space a religious space: Having rituals, Symbol, How bodies embody the space? Physical ritual, Quietness, Meditative, Pillows, Light-shadow

Religion orientate us towards traditions? We have a human part of us to have orientation 

Appropriation of closed and open practices How should we appropriate appropriately?

Can there be a queer temple?
Which power systems do we intend to reinforce or challenge by the Off-temple?
Is the sublime already present by the gathering of bodies? Or does it exist somewhere outside regardlessly? What does that offer to the community inside the Off-temple?
Where are the building materials of the temple coming from? Whose bodies are involved in its production and distribution? How do bodies embody space? Who owns this space? Do we deserve this?
Who wrote our religious text? Who’s telling our religous stories? Who owns our religious thoughts?
How are the elements of the other religions appropriated in the Off-temple? Is it appropriate?

Like the flow of the river and the tides of the ocean, water has cleansed for centuries. Likewise, the practice of using water to cleanse is as old as time. In the bible, Jesus Christ washes the feet of his discipels in an act of care. The cleansing of the other to signal this love and care has been observed and recorded in many cultures and religions. 

In the Off-Temple the act of cleansing is a welcoming ritual. To leave behind what still clings to you, release pressure, prejudice and pain. The hands represent the first touch. The face represents the first impression. We cleanse to help you open yourself up, so that you may be a recipient to our love, care and protection.

Every morning during the festival, we performatively build up the temple. We provide a multifunctional uniform for the team. This uniform or garment can be connected to each other so that you can carry heavy equipment. The Off-temple is about collectivity, together we create a safe spiritual home haven.

A ritual inspired by the queer goddess of tranquility and ecstasy. Enya is the mirror image of spirituality, herself living in a real castle and having played only one solo show in her entire career. She is an intimate person. Enya's energy will be spread through a performative blissful dance dj ritual. Expect loud guttural chants and spontaneous circle dances accompanied by tears of happiness.
With this ritual, we want to honor the musical queer goddess Enya and transport ourselves to higher spheres with her music. We take Enya's levitating influence as the foundation for the soundscape that will energize us. In a light-hearted playful way, we let our bodies flow through and outside the off-temple to start the day reborn.

Cat's cradle is a game involving the creation of various string figures between the fingers, either individually or by passing a loop of string back and forth between two or more players. Independent versions of this game have been found in indigenous cultures throughout the world, including in Africa, Eastern Asia, the Pacific Islands, Australia, the Americas, and the Arctic. 
The building process of the Off-temple resembles Cat’s cradle game in which unidentifiable shapes appear from unintended intersections of strings. What we’re more excited about is not its final shape, but the act of making intersections and commoning.
This aspect will be explored more concretely by using the roof structure of the temple. The participants of the workshop will get involved in cat’s cradle game played at an architectural scale, the process of building the roof altogether by learning, sketching, practicing and negotiating.

The word icon, derived from the ancient Greek word for image, originally referred to a sacred work of art used in religious devotion. The off-temple will commemorate our queer icons whose traces are documented in ambiguous and fragmented languages. We will gather those crumbles of our history, sew their edges together, create a patchwork and call it an icon. 
The participants of this workshop will cut out the bodyparts of their queer icons and connect those with glue and split pins. The combined icons will be far from a white, able-bodied representation, but rather closer to a drippy entanglement of tentacles.

Embroidery is the creation of decorations with needle and thread on textiles, leather or other substrates. It is an art that has been around since mankind used fabrics. Around the world, it is estimated that embroidery has been applied to fabrics since 3000 BC.
In the off-temple we activate embroidery as a group activity, together we embroider scenes that become the topic of conversation during this act. The embroidery created in the off-temple serves as a base/starting point for the next group, after a few sessions we form a big story of shapes and figures that travel around the world with the temple. The embroidery is then woven into the interior of the off temple. The recurring materials such as rope are iconic elements in the temple.
This ritual is in connection with the cat cradle ritual where the material rope is central. Using the Japanese knotting technique called Shibori, participants will learn some basic knots. Among others, the cloth pole-wrapping technique is one of the techniques we teach during the ritual. This technique involves a wrapping method around a tube/pole. Here we are in direct contact with the basic structure of the temple. Through this action, we create psychedelic patterns on cotton fabric. There is room for self-expression and experimentation, as well as finding your inner self during this handcraft. This ritual can be given a sensual layer when the cotton fabric is tied up, here you can use some bondage knotting techniques. 
The result of the dyed cloths can serve as roofing against the sun on the off-temple. But they can also serve as a robe in combination with the uniform. 

It matters what matters we use to think other matters with; it matters what stories we tell to tell other stories with; it matters what knots knot knots, what thoughts think thoughts, what descriptions describe descriptions, what ties tie ties. It matters what stories make worlds, what worlds make stories.
Who wrote our religious text? Who’s telling our religous stories? Who owns our religious thoughts? The Off-temple refuses a religious narrative created and spoken by a singular sacred figure that is exclusively experienced by a homogenous group with a certain type of body. In the collective reading session, the religious text that we’ll read out will be in countless different versions, randomized by an algorithm that references various religious writings combined with queer literature. We will tell stories by looking at each other gathered at the Off-temple, not a hero with a sword.

A temple is a human-made space that is devoted to a certain belief. This belief doesn’t only concern the religions that we typically perceive but also can be any ideology that is shared with a considerable number of people. A modern skyscraper is an instance of a temple since it represents and reproduces the anticipation of limitless growth and the predominance of capitalism. Surrounded by temples, our daily lives are inseparable from their influence. Their religious thoughts are oftentimes “shaped and interpreted to make it conform to and legitimize a conservative status quo”, and this very likely is the reason that a lot of queer friends of ours are not affiliated with any religion. The abundance of temples serving for normative beliefs has contributed to the cis-hetero-normative worldbuilding that we, Bebe Books have been persistently resisting. 
We question if there can be a queer temple. As Sarah Ahmed wrote, “Space is not a container for the body: it does not contain the body as if the body were ‘in it’/ Rather bodies are submerged, such that they become the space that they inhabit.” If we suppose a temple for queer bodies, its shape and function must have been formed by the queer bodies that it encompasses, while it will queer those bodies spontaneously. We decided to call this the Off-temple: A temple that is not aligned. During Santarcangelo Festival, we will construct a prototype of the Off-temple using our queer bodies as a form of collective and hands-on speculation for ten days. In the following paragraphs, we will elaborate on various functions of a conventional temple, and how we can appropriate those to construct the Off-temple.
A temple is a symbol that signifies belief. The bigger the symbol is, what it represents will appear more prominent, thus religious constructions grew humongous to express more authority. This explains why the most monumental buildings of the time have always been religious architecture, ranging from neolithic temples, and the ancient Egyptian pyramids to the Gothic cathedrals. As the temple expands, its walls stretched and started displaying images. A temple is a mass media that propagates religious thoughts among a large audience. The word icon, derived from the ancient Greek word for image, originally referred to a sacred work of art used in religious devotion. The predecessors of a television screen featuring pop ‘icons’ were stained glass windows and religious sculptures narrating the stories of deities. Temples were the most spectacular image distributors of their time, yet their function as a media apparatus was absorbed into digital platforms. A smartphone screen is a new land for sale and Youtube and Instagram are the temples erected on it, propagating a religion called surveillance capitalism, involving the most vivid, sensual and attention-seeking images. These images, such as impeccable architectural renders created by a real estate corporation, reinforce the normative shared myths and make its believers speculate forward by promising profit of the future.
Unlike the forward-looking speculations on growth, we insist on looking sideways, not toward the brightest future as a mere extrapolation of the status quo, but into the obscure stories of marginalized queer bodies around us that are too insignificant to be included in the extrativist blueprints. Those who we want to commemorate in the Off-temple are documented in ambiguous and fragmented languages. We will gather the crumbles of our history, sew their edges together, create a patchwork and call it an icon. The Off-temple will become a symbol of this formation and narration of history while resisting the temptation for scale and spectacle. Its construction will be temporal and moderately sized. We’ll be able to dismantle the construction, put some remnants of it in a suitcase, and rebuild it somewhere else in different forms. This makeshiftness is not only formed by our inevitable lack of capital and political power, but a part of our queer strategy for sustainability, to differentiate the Off-temple from a Primark store with a Pride flag or an institutional diversity token.
Next to its function as a symbol, a temple is a container. A religious space is "where the transcendent becomes immanent, and where the devotee can access God.", in other words, where the shared myths make an individual body conform. This requires a number of believers gathered for rituals affected by homogenous doctrines and standards, therefore a temple should be “aligned towards particular actions and particular bodies”. In some normative temples, this functions in a way that produces the dichotomy of male-female, decency-obscenity, hetero-homo, citizen-foreigners, and human-nonhuman “to promote or prevent the encounter of different bodies, to enforce or prohibit sexual reproduction, and to facilitate or preclude the circulation of certain reproductive fluids (blood, sperm, milk)”. Apart from all the other forms of segregation practiced in religions, the most pervasive example of this is a gendered public bathroom, a temple that adheres to the toxic myth of gender binarism. These chambers work as a mold that reproduces straight-aligned individuals checking the shape of their genitals repeatedly and adjusting their behaviors correspondingly. 
Instead, we anticipate the Off-temple to be a carrier bag built at an architectural scale. The bag is not tightly sealed, but rather works like a malleable and permeable membrane that lets liquid pass by. Through the porous brick wall, it senses global precarity – namely gentrification, economic depression, hate crimes, war, pandemic and climate change – and absorbs queer bodies and their vulnerable stories. The Off-temple will be soon filled with their emotions, relations, and interactions, and will let stories emerge. This method of storytelling is a statement of rejecting the myth of a genius architect, usually a white straight man, telling a singular story through his masterpiece. From its construction, the Off-temple is the practice of the commons, involving uncountable queer hands stacking bricks, making embroideries, holding one another and performing rituals. The process of design will resemble Cat’s cradle game in which unidentifiable shapes appear from unintended intersections of strings. What we’re more excited about is not its final shape, but the act of making intersections.

A temple is a site for encountering the Other or others, to enter the space and allow it and whoever might be there to transform us. Sometimes these temples are at the center of a society, codifying its organizing principles. Sometimes they are at the margins, gathering dissenting or dissonant voices in search of escape, transcendence, meaning. The temple might purify or clarify. It is a space for asking questions, finding answers, or discovering new truths. What stories, rituals, or bodies do you bring to this space? What gifts of your own body, and its constitutive joys, sorrows, and desires, will you choose to offer to this collective becoming? Some temples are sites of sacrifice, and too often it is those at the margins who are sacrificed for the imagined collective good. But the Off-temple asks not to sacrifice but to celebrate queer abundance. In this space we recognize the generosity of our being,  our cups are overflowing and something new is emerging on the horizon. What is its shape? What new ways of belonging might we imagine? How will we choose to honor the entanglement of our bodies and their stories?

May this temple be a place for you to find nourishment and rest.
May  our stories be troubled and transformed, oriented towards liberation. 
May the carrier bag of these bricks and fabrics and strings turn us toward the horizon of our flourishing.
May you find strength and tenderness between these brick brackets.
May it be a place set apart for speculative delight and entanglement in the gift of our otherness.

To build a temple in Italy raises questions on authenticity and relationship with history, dealing with the archetype that best shaped the classical and hence the most defining period in architecture history of the country.
To refer to this typology is -to put it in a very simple way- to refer to the matrix of architecture in general, being the history of architecture of the peninsula a cyclical act of forgetting, rediscovering, and renegotiating its classical roots.
To make things easier (for us, for everyone), a couple of rules remained constant: what defined roman architecture were three criteria that Vitruvius (c. 80–70 BC – after c. 15 BC) elaborated in the ‘De Architectura’. Venustas, Firmitas, Utilitas, namely delight, strength, commodity. Surprise not surprise, Italy applied them for quite some time: rediscovered Renaissance (via Alberti ‘De re aedificatoria’), we can read the work of many architects as research on balance among those three parameters.
This summer we are making a temple and we are not quite sure we will satisfy the three principles until it will be done. Against the immortality of roman temples, we are making a structure we can dismantle and rebuild in a couple of days, by renting and assembling generic and often invisible elements that define the infrastructures of our cities and landscapes. Against the idea of roots and context, we are making a temple with elements defined by standards, which will allow us to recreate the same temple in Oostende, Belgium, in only a couple of weeks.
We found Venustas in the rough and dirty elements of the urban furnitures.
We found Firmitas in using metal poles as the structural skeleton for piles of concrete blocks, plastic traffic barriers as columns and water to ground them, but most importantly, we found Utilitas in ephemerality, in giving room to new rituals, habits, that we might have kept out of our liturgies and traditions, temples and altars for a little bit too long.
