The following paragraphs are generated from Noam Youngrak Son’s writing. Gender as a concept is not only applicable to humans. When the idea of gender is applied to the cables, its meaning is reduced into a relationship of insertion. In order to critically reflect on how gender functions in this metaphor, we need to clarify what this signifies. Cables make connections through cable connectors, and the cisgender-heterosexual-intercourse happens by the insertion of genitals. Eventually, the metaphor assimilates the human bodies with the cables, and the human genitalia with the cable connectors by presuming hetero-cis-normativity. This reveals two critical standpoints: one perspective of human and cable, the other perspective of genitalia and cable connector. Human (bodies) and cables: Though one’s gender identity can not be determined solely by if one penetrates or is penetrated, the cable-like classifications are still the only legitimate forms of human existence in the majority of the societies. Genders of cables are the standardized ways for cables to make connections with each other, and gender binary is a mythical standard that is socially constructed, forcefully applied to individuals. Anyone who doesn’t fit neatly in that category might be comparable to the gender-non-conforming ways of connection, such as twisting the wires together. Those queer ways of cable connection are not usually recommended since it is not secure enough and may arouse confusion. Human genitalia and cable connectors: The progress of developmental biology, the study of the process by which animals and plants grow and develop, unveiled that Penis, Phallus, Clitoris, Phaloclitoris, Micropenis, Microphallus, Clitoromegaly are developed from the same structure during prenatal development. Phallus and Yoni are not the binary counterparts of each other, but only the ends of a wide spectrum of genitals. And there are a lot of different forms of genitalia in-between. Likewise, between “male cable connector” and “female cable connector”, there is a vast and ambiguous spectrum of androgynous-connectors. USB connectors are the most common example of this. Inside the hole of the so-called “female USB connector”, a phallic shape can be found, and that is designed to be plugged into the hole in the “male USB connector”. Despite their androgyny, they are just called male and female for the ease of communication. Unfortunately, despite the similarity in the way that gender works in both cases, the mechanism of gender is more restrictive to us as humans than the cables. The genitalia of cables is highly plastic. Yet human genitalia that requires complexed medical procedures to be modified, cable genitals can be switched/converted/split easily by connecting additional components such as cable splitter and gender-converter. Furthermore, gendered cables always have more than one connector/genitalia since cables are designed to carry electric current between multiple ends of cables. Though the individual connection parts can be easily classified as male or female(though you may have to ignore their ambiguity violently), it is most of the time ambiguous to tell the gender of a cable because it has more than one connection parts that are male or female. Most of the people are not allowed to have this obscurity, as it can be seen from non-consensual medical interventions on intersex infants. By using their multiple genitals, gendered cables make multiple connections at once, forming a complexed electric circuit. This, if done by humans, is also considered illegal or immoral. Unlike the cables, we are restricted in the state and plasticity of genitals that we can have by gender binarism, and also in the number of connections that we can make with it at once by monogamous norms. Therefore, gendered cables are still deviant from the perspective of gendered people. So why not consider imitating them? By applying this metaphor of gender applied to the cables back to human, I speculate a fictional society where people’s gender is functioning like that of cables. In this sci-fi, society consists of gender-neutral post-human bodies with more than two-gendered (though it exists in a broader, non-binary spectrum) genitals each. Their sexual intercourse happens on a big-group scale involving countless connections of genitals. Due to multidirectional connections that they make, the intercourse is not limited on the ground surface but forms an architectural construction made of human bodies. Genetic information(perhaps contained in the body fluid as a specific type of polymer) flows along with the connections, like electricity transmitted by cables, eventually forming a network of genetic information. Offsprings can(but also may not) be made from that network, from a melting pot of genetic information of every participant. Evolved from an asexual primitive creature that had to make its clone to reproduce, we implemented the concept of sex and began to exchange genetic information with each other, and our genetic diversity became incomparable to that of our ancestors. By speculating about the fictional ways of reproduction that references how the cables connect to each other, I am willing to discover a non-binary post-human who is as alien as us from the perspective of the asexual microbes. Eventually, by appropriating the genders that we assigned to the cables, that are essentially nothing more than pieces of metal string wrapped in plastic, I envision this fiction to challenge our narrow understanding of human genitals, sexual intercourses, and reproduction that are limited by our body that only appears to be fixed and static. I state the way of this investigation will be archaeological. I eventually want to communicate about the bodies and their relationships, though I will describe no more than what is written in the previous paragraphs to specify what those bodies are like. I want the post-human bodies to remain undefined, beyond the limitations of my imagination that resides in my pre-post-human body. Instead, what I’m going to illustrate is the space where their sexual intercourse(s) take place. Sara Ahmed wrote, “What makes bodies different is how they inhabit space: space is not a container for the body: it does not contain the body as if the body were ‘in it’. Rather bodies are submerged, such that they become the space that they inhabit; in taking up space, bodies move through space and are affected by the ‘where’ of that movement. It is through this movement that the surface of spaces as well as bodies take shape” [1]. I invite the readers to a fictional background without actors that I construct and let them become a detective in a crime scene or an archaeologist on site. Space that we’re living in is already fictional anyway since it was always imagined first before being realized, regardless of if it was finally built in real life or not. Let’s jump onto this stage; move on from one fiction to another. To clarify how the speculative space that will be presented in the next part is formed in relation to reproduction, I suggest a few standpoints that you can use to decode the given space. This part is partly based on the analysis done by Paul B. Preciado in his lecture text The Architecture of Sex: Three Case Studies Beyond the Panopticon. 1.If you can see and if you can notice if you’re being surveilled are the most obvious ways for power relations(gender, race, species, etc.) to be represented in an architectural space like what can be seen from Foucault’s Panopticon. 2.How does it promote or prevent the encounter of different bodies? How does it differentiate social spaces? The pre-fab mass-produced suburban house of the 1940s and 50s illustrates this well: the consequence that it brought was ‘hypersegregation’ between middle-class white heterosexual families dwelling suburban houses and the rest that couldn’t afford that. 3.How does it facilitate or preclude the circulation of certain(organic or non-organic) reproductive fluids(blood, sperm, milk, water, capital, information, etc)? For instance, the 18th-century state brothels functioned as a collective condom that prevents the spreading of syphilis by enclosing and isolating prostitution, particularly female prostitutes from the rest of the society. Take these frames with you and use it as a stylus of a record player, that amplifies the nuances of the space that you will encounter in the next page. You open your eyes and see the satellite view of a metropolis. The city looks dense without an apparent division, though it isn’t completely homogeneous. Streets are narrow and dispersively-constructed, paved with a matt, primary-coloured surface, making a lot of intersections that are more or less alike with each other. It makes the city seem somewhat small and unorganized, even for a city of its size. What catches your eyes is a few organic-shaped glossy and colourful structures contrasting the huge geometric buildings like pimples on dry skin. Your point of view moves down to a balcony that is not so far from the “pimple”. The city seems like a network, the blurry network of buildings. Over the skyline, you see the tip of the structure. You can’t easily recognize it, even if you see it very apparently. The structure looks messy and organically-built, so that it sometimes looks like a living organism, though it is clearly human-made. In detail, it consists of small egg-shaped parts connected by countless tubes of various lengths. From a distance, it is not easy to tell the size of the individual sections, though you can assume the whole structure is built from a great number of those modules. Some parts of the structure are lit by a light from inside. It is a very vivid light, and you can see it from a great distance. The way it bounces off the structure’s surface makes out several distinct colours, including black. You start walking toward that structure. When you approach the structure, you can see the egg-shaped parts more in detail. Each of those is as big as a tiny car. Those chambers look alike as if they are made for similar functions, though their details vary a lot. It doesn’t look as if it was built at once by one initiative but has been built through accumulated extensions added by the individuals. A large, translucent coating covers the surface of the structure. Some parts of it are heavily frosted so that you can’t see much detail about the inside. Several sections, especially those on top of the structure, are emitting very bright light, making it difficult to be seen clearly. In contrast, some parts are entirely transparent so that you can see the inside. The tubes connecting the chambers are filled with viscous liquid glowing in various colours. As the liquid is flowing back and forth in the pipes, its colour and brightness subtly change. The pipes are not always straight. Some are bent in S-shape, and some draw spirals, supposedly to restrict the direction that the fluid flows. You look into one of them. The space inside is not very spacious. It can fit nothing more than one person. Unlike how it can be seen clearly from the outside, the outside is hardly visible from the inside. There is a piece of big, organic-shaped furniture. It is made of pink synthetic leather and fur, and it seems to be composed of several layers. The softness of its surface almost gives the impression that it is alive. It is self-evident that it is for a person to recline on since a negative shape of the human back and hip is imprinted clearly on its surface. The human mark looks very ambiguous: it is difficult to distinguish if the person was male or female. You try laying your body on the chair. A bump on the seat makes your leg spread. Compared to the other parts of the chair, the texture of the bump is closer to that of human skin, with softness, warmth, and sometimes hairs. Several hoses are attached to the bump. Each end of the hose is connected with an object that resembles the end of an electric cable. Some of the objects are phallic-shaped, some are yonic(vagina or vulva resembling) shaped, and the rest are neither phallic nor yonic, but something very unclear. By their shapes, it seems like those are designed to be connected to the genitals of the person that is on the chair. The connectors vary a lot in size, shape, texture, and malleability: from big to small, from light to heavy, from straight to crooked to spiral-shaped, from matt to glossy to shiny, from sleek, streamlined shape to organic-shape, not only blue and pink but in various colour, sometimes soft and flexible like a sponge and sometimes rough like sandpaper. A lot of them are still wet from earlier. A strange, translucent, almost transparent fluid is slowly flowing out from some of the hoses. You assume that it came from, or at least passed by a human body considering its warmth and smell, and also from an assumption that those hoses are connected to someone else’s chair, though it is different from any other bodily fluid that you know. You find an object on the floor. It resembles the connectors that are attached to the hoses, but it is not connected to anything. Instead of having a single phallic or yonic shape, it has one yonic form on one end and the other yonic form on the other end. You pick it up and try connecting it to one of the phallic ends of the hoses, and realize it converts the tip from phallic to yonic shape by being making a connection. You find another object on the floor, also resembling the tips of the hoses. It is Y-shaped with three different ends. Connected to one of the hoses, it splits one end into two different types of connectors. You begin playing with the hoses, connecting one to another, and to the converter and the splitter that you found on the floor. Some connections are made easily, almost as if it is attracted by a magnet, while some other connectors are hardly connectable with each other. And you eventually connect one connector to one of your genitals. How does it feel? Is it pleasurable? Is it empowering? Is it burdening? Does it feel like a leisure activity or like a form of labour? Then you connect another hose to another genitalia of yours again and again. Does it feel better by making more connections? Do you feel more advantaged? Do you feel more pleasure or burden by the increased number of connections? Through one of the hoses, your vision moves to another chamber. Its basic structure is not very different from the previous one, except a few details, including that it has a few more hoses connected to the chair, and also that you can see outside. You can look through some of the chambers through their clear surfaces, yet you can’t clearly see what are in the others due to their frosted surfaces. A few rooms emit strong lights at the peak of the entire structure. Those chambers have more connection-pipes than any other chambers as if it is connected to almost every chambers in the structure. It is powerfully attracting the sight, at the same time viciously cutting off any gaze that is facing toward it. Their vague silhouettes shimmering behind the strong rays are their only visual presence. It glows enchantingly in all sorts of different bright colours, and some chambers below shines weaker by reflecting those lights. At the bottom of the structure, there are huge metallic balls that are connected with hundreds of different chambers. Each of them has many separate doors with numbers. It is too small for a person to go through, so you assume that it is for exchanging something smaller than a grown-up person. It has keypads, supposedly meant to be opened with the passwords. The doors are firmly locked, and it is not possible to see what’s inside, but you can hear the sounds of infants crying inside very clearly. Next to it, you see an advertising board saying, “Children resembling everyone, Children of democracy, are conceived here.”. Then you look up again. You see the glaring chambers on top of the structure. Your gaze moves downward, along the countless pipes that connect the chambers, finally to the cry rooms at the bottom. They are all connected and supported by the pipes, hoses, connectors, genitals, bodies, presumably with the stream of fluid in them. I conclude the observation of this (fictional) architecture by summing up the information that you obtained throughout your visual journey into a manifesto. The world of the gendered cables is not Utopian/Dystopian/Egalitarian. Gendered cables make the connections that may not be predefined, that may be malleable, and always in flux, that may be multidirectional. Gendered cables make the connections not only for procreation or pleasure. Gendered cables carry electricity/bodily fluid/genetic information/social hierarchy and structure. Gendered cables disturb the gender-binary by ambiguating/converting/ splitting/multiplying their genitalia, which may not be binary. Gendered cables blur the distinction between the bodies, the artefacts, and the architecture. It is ambiguous if they are natural or artificial. It consequently deconstructs the boundary of an individual: where an individual body starts and ends. Gendered cables’ power relations are formed by the connections that they make: by how many connections it makes, how influential those are. Gendered cables’ power relations can be revealed through the hierarchy of their ability of perception: if it can see the other cables and if it can be seen by the other cables. In order to thank bats that provided a critical perspective for this text, the illustrations are translated into a format that is more readable for their sensory organs. Bats usually have low vision, but they can sense three-dimensional shapes using echolocation. It’s been more than a week since I wrote the following stream of consciousness. Back then, I described the increase from one to 82 as a “soar”. I realize the word is more suitable to be used now when there are 4,34 cases of infection and 434 deaths from the coronavirus in the Netherlands. It reshaped my/our reality rapidly and drastically. What we’re going through is a fiction seen from the past. An experience of living in what I speculative about opens my eyes wider. I was lucky enough to stay alone in my studio apartment and to maintain my life by working and studying remotely till now, yet I am aware that this fiction works more apocalyptically to a lot of people, which I am deeply sorry about. Under those circumstances, Skype and Zoom Are the most intimate inter-human communication channels allowed for me now. My stories cannot be perceived without being heard and retold by the digital apparatuses around me. You may empathize with me through my webcam, my microphone, or by thinking about this text after reading it. Likewise, I believe that we should keep trying to become a bat, to sense through a bacterial membrane protein, and to think with viral RNA. I saw a video of Bear Grylls, so-called ‘adventurer’, violently hunting the bats in China, in a TV show called Man vs Wild. The muscular white man used smoke to repel bats from a cave and struck the fleeing bats with an improvised racket. Then he stomped on them, proudly showed off the struggling creature to the camera. The video appears to be very symbolic since the main event of the video is an expression of the power relation between the subject, Bear Grylls, and the object, bats. There are multiple elements that distinguish Bear Grylls from the bats: Bear Grylls or Bat, Man or Wild, Healthy looking or Seemingly disease-carrying, White or Non-white, Male or Not specifically male, Modern or Uncivilized. And I read the news to discover those elements don’t only set Bear Grylls and the bats apart, but also Bear Grylls and myself. “An east Asian man who was violently assaulted and robbed by two teenagers shouting “coronavirus” at him has warned that the spread of the disease has created “a climate of racism” in the UK. The attack on Pawat Silawattakun, a 24-year-old tax consultant, is thought to be the first violent hate crime linked to the virus reported to British authorities.” The coronavirus outbreak that occurred as the new decade starts in 2020 happened to surface in China, purportedly transferred from bats, through a few intermediate hosts that are as of yet unknown. The mere association between China and the virus aligned with the racist power structure that is already predominant in the Euro-America-centric worldview, fueled the expressions of racism, from hate speeches to violent assaults. The virus is real, but how we perceive the outbreak is based on a myth. Did it originate from wild bats? snakes? Chinese people? or a South Korean person that is writing this paragraph? All of those non-white beings are assimilated and accused as virus carriers, regardless of whether it’s scientifically backed up or not. The difference between the bats captured in Wuhan and a 24-year-old east Asian tax consultant can be easily overlooked, for example by Bear Grylls. I am their bats, not in a physiological, but in a cognitive sense. One question arises here. Can I really become a bat and make the myth come true? I briefly speculated about myself physically becoming a bat, a scary virus reservoir. Then I started investigating how realistic that is. One thing that I noticed during the research is that I, as a human, share a lot of traits with bats. And those characteristics produce a natural susceptibility to viruses. They generally live together in groups called colonies, which can contain from 100 to several thousand bats, and I’m at an art school with over 700 students. Some bats may fly up to 50 kilometers to find food during their nightly journeys, and I traveled 123.4km from Eindhoven to Amsterdam yesterday. Bats have long lifespans between 20 and 40 years, and I assume I will live longer than that. Seen from the perspective of viruses looking for a cell to reside and reproduce in, I am not too distinct from bats, though I haven’t done my best to become a bat yet. Not only I share these qualities with bats, but the rest of the members of our species do too. While Bear Grylls puts the other Asian-looking people and me in the same category with bats, the virus does not discriminate between me, Bear Grylls, and bats. What can we learn from those contrasting perspectives? How can I stay sane without falling into deep pessimism, while being seen as a bat from Bear Grylls’ perspective, and being treated like Bear Grylls by the angry virus? While writing this paragraph, the first COVID-19 infection in the Netherlands was found in Tilburg. What I could only do that night was to log in to Facebook and scroll down infinitely, seeking reassurance that I’m not the only person who was feeling lost. My newsfeed was full of opinions from various people. Most of those were backed up by numbers and scientific terms, though the conclusions were almost always not in the range of scientific facts anymore. Individual opinions were very certain, but by having 736 people (the amount of Facebook friends I have) exclaiming their ideas on a public platform, I could see a lot of contrasting opinions on subjects like wearing a mask, whether the virus originated from the seafood market, if the outbreak will last long, if they should postpone Salon del Mobile, etc. In many cases, the contradictions were extended to political dichotomies so that seven hundred sixty thousand people signed up for a petition to ban Chinese people entering South Korea, while a few provinces in China started restricting entries from South Korea. In his essay “What is it like to be a bat?” philosopher Thomas Nagel writes: “Our own experience provides the basic material for our imagination, whose range is therefore limited. It will not help to try to imagine that one has webbing on one’s arm, which enables one to fly around at dusk and dawn catching insects in one’s mouth; that one has very poor vision, and perceives the surrounding world by a system of reflected high-frequency sound signals; and that one spends the day hanging upside down by one’s feet in an attic. In so far as I can imagine this (which is not very far), it tells me only what it would be like for me to behave as a bat behaves. But that is not the question. I want to know what it is like for a bat to be a bat. Yet if I try to imagine this, I am restricted to the resource of my own mind, and those resources are inadequate to the task.” Let’s say a racist who blames Asians for the spread of the epidemic wants to put themself in the virus’s shoes. Though trying their best to become a virus, their ways of empathizing will be limited by their preconceived racist ideas, and they may end up just becoming a virus that is selectively infecting Asians. Likewise, my Facebook friends use science-coated language and describe how the virus behaves, but they never overcome being “restricted to the resource of their own mind”. The virus, in both cases, is nothing more than an instrument to support people’s political theories that they already have. By writing this essay, I am also exploiting the COVID-19 outbreak to elaborate on my political ideas. I acknowledge that I’m not an exception to this. It’s not a coincidence that COVID-19 is one of the first global epidemics after the rise of the attention economy. The more clicks you get, the more money, votes, etc. you will earn. The outbreak as a topic is a very appealing packaging for whatever content. Not only my Facebook friends, but also more influential initiatives make use of this. Dezeen, one of the biggest online design news outlets in Europe, posted about a wearable virus-filtering shield and alternative face masks made of lettuce and bras created by opportunist artists. They used the hashtag #coronavirus to harvest more clicks. The opposing party blames the ruling party for the failure of their preventative measures. These tactics are often accompanied by the conventional methods of media spectacle to amplify the sensation it conveys. It consequently brings the sensationalization of the outbreak itself. Inflated with terrifying images, soaring graphs and unidentified stories, the fear generated by the virus spreads faster than the virus itself. Empty shelves at Toronto Costco as a result of panic buying and long lines of people for retrieving face masks in South Korea are exemplary instances of realities shaped by the online-amplified fear. Face masks obtain multiple dimensions of meaning regarding the semiotics of fear in this context. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), wearing surgical masks won’t protect wearers from inhaling droplets, and they even don’t recommend N95 respirator, a special type of mask that blocks 95% of very small (0.3 micron) particles, except for health care workers. Of course, one can cast doubt on CDC’s statements. Regardless of which you may support between two contrasting opinions on the effectiveness of face masks, we’re inevitably myth-believers. These myths are not new, reflecting on the bird-like beak masks worn by plague doctors in the era of the Black Death. Besides the endless discussion about whether face masks will protect you, I am more interested in the communicative functions of face masks. Wearing a mask is a public portrayal of being sick. At the same time, it’s a display of having a fear of being sick. So, on the one hand, my parents are texting me very often these days promoting to buy and wear mask, but on the other hand, wearing a mask in public spaces here is an open acknowledgment of one’s own disease, which keeps me away from wearing a mask especially considering the threats of hate crimes towards Asians. Coronavirus, particles of RNA wrapped in protein, may not make any political decision by itself, whereas the myth that it creates is judgmental and discriminating. It’s more hostile to certain groups of people. It’s about race like I’ve been describing. It’s also about class: Hyundai Motor factory in Ulsan, South Korea handed out N95 respirators only to their permanent workers, and surgical masks to temporary workers. It’s also about gender: Sex workers are the most vulnerable group of people in the current outbreak, both medically and economically. And we shut down the borders around them, individually by face masks, nationally by travel restrictions. While our distribution of fear mainly happens via electronic signals and visual symbols, bats use highly complicated sounds to communicate multilayered information, possibly about fear. “No other mammals besides humans are able to use such complex vocal sequences to communicate” said Michael Smotherman, Texas A&M researcher studying vocal communication of Mexican Freetail bats. Yet our knowledge on the way it works is still very limited. Recent genetic studies have discovered that their vocal communicative ability is activated by the gene called FOXP2, which is also known to have a role in how people learn language. Despite these similarities, it requires a lot of patience to overcome the interspecies barrier and start understanding their language. The research done by neuroecologist Yossi Yovel and colleagues at Tel Aviv University is a beautiful example. They housed groups of bats in acoustically isolated chambers and monitored them with video cameras and microphones around-the-clock. The chamber was large enough to allow flight, and the bats were fed with a variety of local fruit. 75 days of continuous recordings of 22 bats yielded a dataset of 162,376 vocalizations. Nearly all of the communication calls were emitted during aggressive pairwise interactions, involving squabbling over food or perching locations and protesting against mating attempts. Though the communication calls signify not only one-dimensional information, they are often grouped into a single “agonistic” behavioral category in bioacoustics studies due to limitations of our auditory ability. To deal with this, the research team adopted a machine learning approach to categorize these vocalizations. They could eventually understand from which bat the vocalization was emitted, in which context it was made (squabbling over food for example), to which bat the vocalization is addressed, and eventually could predict the behavioral responses to the calls that the signal-receiving bat will make. To sum up, human beings empowered with an auditory prosthesis applied through machine learning could have a very brief understanding of how bats communicate by spending a huge amount of time and effort. In other words, non-bats, by the aid of nonorganic technological apparatuses, could begin to understand bats. The conversation between the researchers and Egyptian fruit bats is incomparably slower than the inter-device/human communication fueled by sensationalism and advertisements. The effort of understanding messages is treated as a scarce resource in the attention economy system. Having empathy for bats is considered as wasting money on unprofitable issues. I am sure that any Silicon Valley social media company, such as Facebook and Twitter, will run bankrupt if the communicative method on their platform is as inefficient as this. However, I can imagine that if our viral communication was as considerate as this beautifully intricate interspecies conversations, there wouldn’t have been a long queue for face masks, empty Costco shelves, pointless Dezeen articles, racist assaults and nationalist rages. “Philanthropist Bill Gates on Friday urged wealthy nations to help low and middle-income countries strengthen their health systems in hopes of slowing the spread of the coronavirus, which Gates said has started to behave like a “once-in-a-century” pathogen.” Bill Gates, a former computer billionaire that somehow turned “Philanthropist”, yet another white man, was one of the opinion providers on COVID-19 that I saw on Facebook. He made a prediction that the virus is a “once-in-a-century” pathogen. It reminded me of another prediction that was widely believed to be made by him (but turned out were not his words), that “640KB memory on a computer is more than anyone will ever need”. My intuition was screaming to me that the forecast he made this time might be as wrong as the famous 640KB opinion. That made me question: “What if this pathogen is not ‘once-in-a-century’, but ‘constantly-in-a-century’?”, so that I cannot but live with COVID-19, as well as with bats and Bear Grylls and Bill Gates. Actually, we have been sharing the planet with coronaviruses quite peacefully for a long time, haven’t gotten in each other’s way. They have been with us for over ten thousand years since their most recent common ancestor has been placed at around 8000 BCE. They have been interacting only with non-human animals, namely bats, before human coronavirus emerged in the 1950s. Now they are believed to cause a significant proportion of all common colds in adults and children. Humankind’s encounter with coronaviruses is a relatively modern incident. It is only since the start of the 21st century that they have been causing outbreaks. The outbreak that we’re experiencing by the start of the current decade is one of the first few clashes that we (humankind and coronaviruses) have had. If this level of dramatic interactions is prolonged, will it cause us to go extinct? Or are we going to be able to sustain ourselves by making evolutionary compromises? What defines our species could be adjusted toward a direction that makes us more livable with COVID-19. I would call it a negotiation between humans and the virus. If so, what should we put on the negotiation table? I’m not a biologist. Therefore, I warn readers against understanding the question, whether COVID-19 is not a “once-in-a-century”, but a “constantly-in-a-century” virus, as a scientific hypothesis, but I’m a designer whose job it is to create myths. Let the narratives that this question creates contradict our biology textbooks for once. Though the question itself earnestly references biology, to speak like Bruno Latour, I believe it’s not in the range of Science (singular and capitalized) but sciences. I came across a story about Agta, a group of modern hunter-gatherers in the Philippines, from the introduction text written by Donna Haraway for Ursula K. Le Guin’s little book “The Carrier Bag Theory of Fiction”. People in this community “value storytellers over all other kinds of people, no matter how useful and functional other sorts of persons might be in their society”. My survival strategy to deal with the helplessness is to create valuable stories about the virus outbreak, like what Agta storytellers did. To start answering the question that I have raised in the previous paragraph, I would like to return to bats since they have been successfully coexisting with the viruses for a long time fueling the viruses’ evolution. One of the reasons that bats can host numerous viruses without suffering from diseases is their ability to limit inflammatory responses. Instead of having an immediate response that sometimes damages one’s own body to eradicate the virus, bats choose to dampen inflammation and tolerate the viruses. In the scenario where we have to live with the coronavirus pandemic, I see learning tolerance from bats as one of the evolutionary tactics that we may adopt. Living together starts by tolerating each other. However, mere toleration is the most passive form of living together. More active ways of coexisting can sometimes lead to a creative outcome. Bacteria have been living with bacteriophages, a type of virus that infects and replicates within bacteria. Some phage injects its DNA into host DNA and has its DNA replicated along with the host DNA. This relationship is generally harmless for the host cell and even may benefit the host by adding new functions to the bacterial genome. On the other hand, some other phage injects its DNA into the host cell, degrades the host’s DNA, hijacks the rest of the cell, reproduces itself, and eventually dissolves the host bacteria. To prevent this, most of the bacteria species developed an immune system called CRISPR-Cas9. Bacteria store DNA sequences from the bacteriophages that had infected them before in their DNA. We call these genetic sequences CRISPR (clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats). The Cas9 enzyme in bacteria references this genetic information to detect and cut phage DNA to prevent them from being reproduced. CRISPR-Cas9 is a coevolutionary invention of host bacteria and viruses that have been possible by a long-term accumulated phage–bacterium arms race. This ingenious system, being referenced by our genetic engineering technique, allowed us to edit genes more conveniently than ever. It enabled the scientist He Jiankui to edit the genetic makeup of twin girls illegally in 2018. The babies were the world’s first gene-edited babies, and the scientist was sentenced to 3 years in jail for conducting “illegal medical practices”. I’m not, however, going to write about why this incident is a moral disaster. Nevertheless, this technology that already started genetically reforming our species essentially originated from bacteria and bacteriophages that happened to live with unwanted others. The unexpected invention was possible because they admitted the existence of each other and dynamically coevolved rather than merely tolerating each other. When this co-operation continues jumping over the interspecies barrier, the boundary becomes more ambiguous and permeable, and eventually dissolves. We have already had an existential benefit from this relationship since our cells started Mitochondrial respiration. The mitochondrion, an organelle that synthesizes ATP, a source of chemical energy used in most of the metabolic processes in eukaryotic cells, is believed to originiate from a prokaryote integrated into the proto-eukaryote. Our great ancestor’s single-celled body that relied on ATP-synthesizing bacteria for food ultimately embraced the bacteria that later became the mitochondrion. Our complicated and energy-intensive metabolism would never have been possible without this symbiosis. Mitochondria still reproduce independently in our cells with their own DNA and only inherited maternally so that it is widely used to trace maternal lineages genetically. We all already have an embodied experience of forming an endosymbiotic relationship with bacteria. Why not form a similar relationship with COVID-19? What can we offer them, and what can they offer us? I haven’t asked them yet so that I am not very sure about their possible offers. Still, as a human being, I am willing to offer them a few of my ribosomes so that they can produce protein, some enzymes such as RNA polymerase if they want, a part of my ER membrane they can envelop themselves in, Golgi vesicles in case they want to be transported out. If they pirate those from me, we call it a case of coronavirus infection, but if I provide it for them, we could frame it differently. Let’s see what they put on the table in response and how it forms our relationship. Perhaps we’ve been doing it with some viruses already for a long time since retrovirus-originated-DNA comprises up to 5–8% of the human genome. If we manage to “become with” COVID-19, how will it reform us and the way that we live? Will it shorten the queue for face masks in South Korea? Will it prevent racist assaults in Europe? Will Dezeen keep posting naive artworks with hashtag #coronavirus? Will Bear Grylls continue striking bats? Yet not being sure about what future-us will look like, there’s a human that speculated about future bats that Bear Grylls would not dare to hunt. Dougal Dixon speculates about the animal species after the extinction of human beings in his fiction “After Man: A Zoology of the Future”. He proposes the Night Stalkers, the large, ferocious, pack-hunting, flightless leaf-nosed bats. At least in this fiction, the power once seized by Bear Grylls in the 21st century is taken by the bats that he was hunting. The unwelcome virus reservoir at the bottom of the power structure became a mighty predator at the peak. Would the bat-borne virus by then still connote the same as it does now? Maybe bats’ susceptibility and tolerance to infection could be considered prestigious in the fictional society. Viruses could work as a status symbol, and having an elegant immune system could be a form of social habitus among the political non-human beings that will emerge after our demise. Or, more fundamentally, viruses could be the currencies that construct the economic system of this fiction. Perhaps that could not only be the story after our demise because the development of financial technology has been driving money into more embodied forms, from cash to smartphone to wearable and eventually to implantable chips. The virus could be our next money. Nevertheless, giving a twist to the Bear Grylls-bat dichotomy, such as Dougal Dixon’s approach, stirs up the social meaning of carrying viruses, and in the crack that the twist makes, possibilities for more imagination emerge. To conclude, I acknowledge that most of the speculations that I discussed in the previous paragraph won’t occur within the timeframe of the generation of people that are able to access this text. Extinction or coevolution doesn’t happen in one day. Whereas in the days that I have to live through, people are dying, Asians are being assaulted, Medical services are only for those who can afford them, and Bear Grylls hunts bats. I could not do anything other than writing this text about it. I started writing this when the first case of COVID-19 infection was reported in the Netherlands, and now it soared to 82, including a few from the small city where I live. This text is a written trace of my fictional thinking to fight the fear, helplessness, and anger about the political stupidity that the outbreak unveiled. I want this text to be read by more people who may have felt the same. I want them to take my point of view and enlarge it in their own way. Please deconstruct, rebuild, appropriate, misuse my stories. Let’s see where this collective therapeutic act of speculation brings us. Make face filters not population I am a non-binary transgender person and am currently waiting to start hormone replacement therapy. Recently, my doctor asked if I wanted to preserve my genetic material, since HRT would impact my ability to reproduce. I couldn’t answer it immediately, and in fact, I still haven’t made up my mind. The question can be rephrased more fundamentally: “What is the point of procreation?”. Until quite recently, replication of DNA was the most extensive transmission of information that humankind was capable of. The haploid human genome in a reproductive cell consists of 2.9 billion base pairs, equivalent to 725 megabytes, or approximately six hundred thousand written pages. Considering that the complete works of William Shakespeare occupies about 5.4 megabytes, no pre-industrial person has produced or consumed more information than a single reproductive cell. The act of making more humans resembling you was the most effective way of sharing information, spreading stories, distributing discourses, propagating ideologies, and publicizing identities. However, we’re living in a time in which an average American consumes 34 gigabytes of content each day, which corresponds to the amount of information that can be transferred by producing 50 offspring. Egg and sperm are no longer the biggest USB sticks, and sexual intercourse is no longer the fastest internet. The amount of information that could be transferred only through the involvements of eggs and sperm, and making people who resemble you as byproducts, can be processed easily today by every handheld device that we own. Looking at it the other way around, even what I just called byproducts, the people who look like you, can be easily created using your mobile phone, through the manipulation of our facial videos when they are being taken and distributed—in other words, by the use of face filters. Face filters enable us to digitally become something else, beyond the boundaries of person, gender, race, age, species. Conversely, if face filters can turn my digital identity into something else, they can also turn someone else’s identity into mine. I experimented with this by designing an Instagram face filter that applies my facial image on the faces of others, providing them an opportunity to act or make statements “as” me. Coming back to my doctor’s question, I successfully reproduced and spread myself using a face filter instead of increasing the population, and obviously without frozen sperm. Democratizing self-design So, what can happen to this transgender person who decided to make a face filter instead of freezing their genetic material? By opening up this question, this text leaps from nonfiction to fiction, from what happened to what could possibly happen. The people who inherited face mesh from me are indistinguishable from one another. In the digital space, where their selfie-videos are distributed, the numerous “myselves” are all equal. This means my digital identity is polyvocal. It is not only possessed by me but shared among a wide range of people who can access the face filter. Consequently, my identity would require different forms of construction. An identity owned by a single person is like a country founded, designed, and ruled by an emperor. The exclusive owner of the identity is responsible for every detail of it. Especially nowadays, the responsibility of identity construction is more fiercely obligated than ever to everyone engaging in the increased need for portraying oneself as a commodity. This phenomenon, what Boris Groys calls “self-design”, is usually a task for an individual. On the other hand, in the case of my identity, which is not solely mine, self-design becomes a collective task performed by distributed agents. Whoever becomes me by using the face filter can participate in the process of designing my identity by sharing their opinion on what my identity should be like. A stage where the people are invited to share their opinions can be called a committee—an organization of multiple “myselves” which decides everything from if I should share a photo of my dinner on Instagram to which political party to openly support on Facebook. Self-design, which was a struggle for the individual, can be transparently and democratically discussed by forming a committee. To make the idea come true, I sent the following letter to twenty friends from various backgrounds. Welcome to Noam’s self-design committee! I’m Noam Youngrak Son, the founder of this democratic decision-making group, and you’re also Noam Youngrak Son, a member of the committee. Self-design is an important task, too important to be dictated by one person. I invite multiple “myselves” here to construct my identity collectively. As a member of the committee, I and I have equal rights and responsibilities. Feel free to use, misuse, construct, deconstruct my identity. I asked them to become me through the face filter that I made and discuss with the other “myselves” about the questions I’ve frequently asked myself while displaying myself publicly on social media: What should I do if I can’t sleep because I can’t stop scrolling through my Instagram feed? How much should I care about the number of likes I get? Can I post an ugly selfie on Instagram? Is it moral to proudly post a photo of meat on Instagram? Should I make my account private or public? Should I follow back a stranger that follows me? Do I want to stay in my filter bubble? Does it make sense to keep using Instagram while politically disagreeing with the corporation that owns Instagram? Do I have to keep sharing political posts on Instagram even though I’m feeling skeptical about whether Instagram-activism can actually make change? The discussions are still on-going, and they will continue indefinitely because self-design is a lifelong process. Or they can even last after my biological death, as long as I am remembered by the digital platforms I exist on. You can witness or even participate in those discussions on the official Instagram page of the committee. The Self Design Committee and Its Enemies What’s notable about the Self Design Committee is that it relies heavily on the technological infrastructure that the Big Tech companies provide. In the case of the version of the committee that I’m demonstrating at the moment, it is materialized using Spark AR, an AR tool developed and owned by Facebook. The face filters created using Spark AR can only be distributed on Facebook and Instagram, and have to comply with their rules. The first draft of the face filter used for the Self Design Committee was not accepted by Facebook because it contained a photorealistic representation of a human face. I had to add watermarks saying “the Self Design Committee” on my own face to resolve the issue. In this process I realized that the most major political factor in this committee was not me, but the technological apparatus that the committee is dependent on. The infrastructures are inexorably opinionated even though nobody has intended for them to be that way. In the most obvious example, in the case of Spark AR, the default template textures that it provides are called “faceFeminine.jpg” and “faceMasculine.jpg”, classifying faces based on gender binarism. Even though nobody has intended to exclude non-binary identities in the realm of face meshes, at the end of the day it appears that the platform is clearly against the gender identity of my Self Design Committee because of this systemic flaw. The experiment, which started from my doctor’s question, concludes with somewhat more troubled speculations. The Self Design Committee, which can still operate without my physical presence, can be suspended by Facebook. I liberated self-design from myself, but it’s still questionable if it’s fully independent. However, this demonstration calls for more open-ended questions that I haven’t touched yet, and I hope for these critical possibilities to be explored in your version of the Self Design Committee: Who can legitimately be in your Self Design Committee? Who profits from the operation of your committee? Who is exploited by your committee? What resources and infrastructures does your committee rely on? In which cultural background does your committee function? How does it deal with the unforeseen disputes with someone else’s Self Design Committee? How would your Self Design Committee systemically differ from that of mine? My hobby these days: Riso printing the genome data of SARS-CoV-2 29915 base pairs: Adenine in flat gold, Cytosine in orange, Guanine in blue, Thymine in green The image illustrates one of the very first test prints with hilarious misalignments. The squares that were expected to fill the surface seamlessly create numerous overlaps and voids. These test prints, normally considered unsuccessful runs, however, might be seen as a more realistic representation of how viruses spread. Unlike eukaryotes with a more elaborate “proofreading” process of DNA replication, viruses reproduce themselves without regulations and therefore mutate much more rapidly. The act of printing the DNA sequence of the virus that caused the COVID-19 pandemic with a domestic riso printer is like the way we reproduce the virus in-vivo, causing misalignments and mutations. Thank you for choosing our edible human bodies. Please open the package and follow the steps that I'm going to introduce. We collect samples of every organism that we could encounter around our stall, grind their flesh altogether into a moldable paste and reshape it into forms of human bodies. So far, we have collected bodies of three hundred thousand species globally, and humans are not exceptional here. 0.0003% of the DNA in our paste is from humans. Every species in the paste has a distinctive gastronomical-ecological-political profile, and you have to use all your sense to distinguish those nuances. First of all, look at the color of the human bodies on your plate. Various types of pigments determine the colors of our food. The flesh remains white if it doesn't contain any pigment. Myoglobin in the red meat becomes brown when it's cooked. Carotenoids make salmons, shrimps, flamingos pink. There are numerous pigments that I can't mention in this instruction, but I shouldn't forget melanin, which determines the color of human skin. This is the pigment that makes pigmentation a crucial political factor of our food because the melanin concentration of human skin is regarded as the primary factor of the human construct of race. All of the bodies blended into our food are racialized because of their pigments. What is the race of the human body on your plate? The next step is to smell your food. How does it feel? Are you aroused? If so, that's the influence of hormones. Our blended flesh contains a wide variety of hormones. Hormones are in bodies naturally, but sometimes with a clear human intention or even as an unintended consequence of human activities. Hormones such as estrogens, DES, Progesterone, MLGA reside in meats from veterinary drugs. Waterborne pollutants such as BPA can also remain in bodies and function as xenohormones. Regardless of their sources, but by their effects, hormones create another political dimension for our edible human bodies. Humans arbitrarily name estrogens and progesterones "female hormones" and testosterone "male hormones" even though these hormones are much more permeable and ubiquitous than that binary understanding. This makes every single bite of our food gendered. But the fact that our foods are mixtures of a lot of different types of flesh makes their gender ambiguous, and hopefully, you might be able to smell this. And finally, This is the moment to have a bite. You should bear in mind that every species blended into our edible human bodies contains a considerable amount of environmental toxins, which refers to synthetic contaminants such as industrial pollutants and other artificially made toxic substances. As we all live in contaminated environments, every flesh is toxic. A relevant question here is not "If this is toxic" but rather "how toxic this is". This is also a useful indication for assuming a relative position of an organism in a food web. The more reliant an organism is on the other species for its feeding, the higher accumulation of environmental toxins it will have. In this regards, if the human bodies on your plate are so toxic that it makes you suffer, it's very unlikely to be vegan, but rather closer to the flesh of predators. This is an accurate representation of an actual human body because humans are often at the top of the food web, and therefore, have highly toxic flesh. Please use your tastebuds to feel these subtleties. Humans have evolved with bitter taste receptors sensitive to certain types of toxins, so if you find your food bitter, there's a chance for it to be toxic. Once you're done with your edible human bodies, you can make a payment. The price of what you ate will depend on the scarcity of the species included in your food. If those species are abundant, your food will be cheap, while it can be more expensive if it includes endangered species. Our staffs sincerely wish that the flavors of pigments, hormones, and toxins from our edible human bodies made you more aware of the nuances of the bodies that you eat. Thank you and see you next time. "The hypothetical eel-centric atlas on how humans have sex" is a publication exploring how an eel imagines the sexual intercourses of humans. The premise here was that eels don't know what human genitals are like, considering that it was only after the 20th century that humans discovered the genitals of eels. However, the ocean that they live in is full of human-made objects and debris, so I assumed that would be the primary source of information for eels to research humans. So eels used these found object to reconstruct the human world in their cognitive space, forming their answers to every question related to the reproduction of humans, such as How humans perceive time, How humans migrate, How humans become mature, How human genitals are formed, How humans have sex, How humans are born. According to the research of an eel, humans travel through a circular path throughout their life. Their skin gets darker as they grow old, rely on a contraceptive pill container as a time system, urinate on a pregnancy test to see if they're mature enough for having sex, Build an infrastructure for huge group sex consisting of pipes with water propagating sperms and eggs, and everyone dies after having the intercourse. Newborn humans are born from the spawning water, and released from the irrigation system through a faucet. If eels communicate this knowledge to humans, it's very unlikely to happen in a literal way. What we share in common with eels is that the biggest part of our brain cortex is dedicated to vision. It is logical that this publication should narrate the eel-knowledge in a visual way. So it is in the form of a cognitive map, that illustrates what the reproductive cycle of a human is like and how the objects that are found by eels play roles in this. And a book here describes that cycle in detail, also by using images primarily. The book has a circular structure without pagenumbers and apparent beginning and end when it's unfolded as a representation of the perspective of eels formed by iterative lifecycles. I've been reading about the ecology of freshwater eels. What fascinated me initially was the fact that no human has ever witnessed eels having sex in nature. There has been a long history of humans who questioned how eels have sex, starting from Aristotle, who thought eels are sexless and emerge from earthworms. Now we know much more about eels than back then. Eels are delicious and therefore, a very attractive commodity for humans. This aspect has been a driving force for humans to invest more resources into eel-research. Now we know where eels have sex, what kind of hormones and conditions are involved during eels' migration to have sex, however there's still a vast area that we don't understand. Our obsession with identifying their sexual life hasn't been very successful so far. In this history of the eel-human relationship, humans have perceived eels as an inert object with high commercial value, and themselves as "curious subject". The aim of my project was to subvert this relationship of inert object and knowing subject, by making an eel speculate about humans and ask back the question. What if eels also have been questioning how humans have sex? In order to speculate about this question, I had to study what it means to have a perspective of an eel. It was research about the sensory system of eels, what they can see, hear, smell, taste, feel about humans, and more importantly, what kind of eel-centric biases they have, coming from their life experiences such as migration and metamorphosis. The intercourse of humans, speculated by eels, might not align with what we experience as humans. The cognitive reconstruction of the human world by eels provides readers an opportunity to deviate from their deep-rooted anthropocentrism. This publication is an atlas elaborating on how an eel imagines the sexual intercourses of humans. Humans have long been inquisitive about how eels have sex, but nobody has ever witnessed it. Eels have also questioned how humans have sex. There is too little known about the physiology of humans to eels, although the abundance of human-made debris in the ocean provided sufficient information for an eel to propose a hypothesis about the reproductive life cycle of humans. The speculations of an eel are inseparable from its perspective formed by lifelong migration and metamorphosis. The human way of living, interpreted from an eel-centric standpoint, might not align with what a human reader of this publication experiences. The cognitive reconstruction of the human world by eels provides readers an opportunity to deviate from their deep-rooted anthropocentrism. An eel is a knowing subject, not an inert object. A circular plastic case enclosing solid pieces of highly concentrated estradiol is found by eels, intriguing them to speculate about humans’ bodily perception of time. Eels can postpone their own aging and death depending on their migration back to their spawning ground. An eel caught in a well in Sweden lived for more than 150 years since it couldn’t travel. It was still in a sexually immature state with abnormally enlarged eyes. For eels, time is an endocrinological phenomenon. In this regard, the container is perceived as a timepiece. The circular structure of the container and the numbers indicated on its segments enabled the eels to understand the container as a representation of the human life cycle. Humans have to ingest the hormones contained in it to go to the next phase of their life. Hormone runs on the time of eels and humans. Eels are immigrants whose existence initiates and concludes with travels. Eels are born in the Sargasso Sea in the heart of the Atlantic, migrate to Europe and the Americas, and travel back to where they were born to procreate and die. Eels expect humans to have a similar migratory habit. It’s assumed that humans have drawn numerous circular paths overlapping where they reproduce over generations, though the exact routes are still unknown. Eels undergo several steps of metamorphosis throughout their life. Eels in different growth stages were once identified by humans as separate species. Young eels are called “glass eels” due to their transparent body. They turn darker as they grow older and accumulate pigment. Eels gain insight into humans’ pigmentation from PVC stickers with assorted colors ranging from beige to brown. The sticker with a cotton pad on one side was supposedly attached to human skins. The color of the sticker corresponds to the color of skin that it should be applied on. Like that of eels, pigments in human skin tissue are concentrated throughout their life; therefore, the older a human is, the darker their skin color becomes. Seeing that the majority of the stickers are light beige, the eels believe there’s very little chance for humans to survive until old age. The distribution of skin pigmentation, in other words, the distribution of age of humans is very similar to that of eels, considering the journeys of eels are full of threat, and a very small number of eels actually accomplish it. Eels are sexually immature most of the time, and it is common for them to have undifferentiated or intersex gonads. Their genitals become apparent only at the very last stage of life for one-time use. Humans’ obsession with identifying every creature’s genitals into the binary frame has been unsuccessful in the case of eels. Aristotle believed that eels lack sex, and they emerged from earthworms. Freud dissected more than 400 eels to find their genitals. Eels discovered that there might be an endocrinological correlation between the genital development of eels and humans. They found a plastic case with a paper strip inside containing antibodies that react to human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), the hormone that induces the sexual maturation of male eels. Some eels also reported that their testis were developed after being exposed to human urine. The eels concluded that the formulation of genitals of eels and humans is triggered by the same hormone, and the paper strip is to test if the genitalia of a human is mature enough for reproduction. Multiple species influenced by the same hormone is not a rare case in nature, as long as they have the same receptors. For instance, conjugated estrogen, often used in hormone replacement therapy for transgender humans, is produced from the urine of pregnant mares. Eels have repeatedly heard noises of very low frequency from a certain moment of their history. Later, it was discovered that the sounds came from the sexual intercourses of humans. This range of sound emits from sources with enormous energy, such as sonic booms and nuclear explosions, which made the eels understand how explosive human reproduction is. Eels from all over Europe and America gather in the Sargasso Sea to have sex as a massive group. They are not dependent on physical contact during intercourse as they use the open water as a medium for spreading gametes. Similarly, humans also gather at a spawning ground and procreate once their genitals are ready. This spawning ground had been confined to seashores because they also rely on water to propagate their gametes, which is extremely inefficient for land animals like humans. Their history has been a continuous process of domesticating water for spawning. The exponential increase of the human population could happen only after humans brought water into inland cities to accommodate large populations having sex. They used standardized fittings that connect hollow metallic cylinders to construct a massive irrigation infrastructure to transport their sperms and eggs. Millions of humans gathered in cities release their reproductive cells all at once as communal sexual intercourse. Eels predict that humans conclude their lives shortly after spawning, and newborn humans emerge from the water through the mixing of gametes. They are released from the irrigation system into the city, where all their parents have spawned and died. The newborns abandon the city soon to start their travels and return to the city only at the end of their lives to reproduce. My lifelong process of queering as a transgender immigrant has been also a process of gaining resemblance with the lifecycle of an eel. Queering is not only a deviation from hetero-cis-normativity but also a spontaneous eye-opening to an interspecies entanglement. Eels are immigrants whose life initiates and concludes with travels. Eels are born in the Sargasso Sea, the heart of the Atlantics, and migrates to Europe and America and travel back to where they were born to procreate and die. Unlike the linear, fragmented, aimlessly extending paths of humans, eels draw numerous circular paths overlapping at the Sargasso Sea over generations. Eels confront the vastness of the open water by relying on their senses. Eels read the moon, smell the water, feel the ocean currents, and sense Earth's magnetic field to recognize where they should face toward. The paths of eels are the traces of their bodily process of orientating. There's no straight line directing an eel toward its destination, and none of those traces strictly aligns to one another, yet only intersects at where they have to meet. The paths, at the same time, make them see the world differently. The eye structure of eels changes as they travel to the deeper sea. The eye diameter increases to receive more light. The color of light that their monochrome vision is most sensitive to changes from green (523 nm frequency) to blue (482 nm frequency). Eels undergo several steps of metamorphosis throughout their life. Eels in different life stages were not identified as the same species in the past. Young eels are called glass eels due to their transparent body, and they turn darker as they grow and accumulate pigment. The human-made social construct of race, arbitrarily assigned based on pigment concentration, can not function as a rigid category for eels considering they are born "white" and die "black". Eels are sexually immature most of the time, and it is common for eels to have undifferentiated or intersex gonads. It's relatively a recent discovery that their genitals become apparent only at the very last stage of life for one-time use. Humans' obsession with identifying every creature's genitals into the binary frame had been unsuccessful for a long time in the case of eels. Aristotle made a conclusion that eels lack sex, and they emerge from earthworms. Freud dissected more than 400 eels to find their genitals. Eels can postpone their aging, metamorphosis, and even death depending on if they can migrate back to their spawning ground. An eel that was caught in a well in Sweden lived more than 150 years in an immature state since it couldn't travel. Their perception of time is not ruled by calendars and clocks, but rather like a circular container for contraceptive pills, represented by intricate endocrinological status reacting to how close they are from the contingency of having sex. Eels have sex in an obscure way so that no human has ever witnessed the spawning behaviors of eels in nature. It is assumed that eels from all over Europe and America gather in the Sargasso Sea to have sex as a massive group. Monogamous norms do not restrict their perception of sexual intercourse. Also, it is not dependent on physical contact as they use open water as a medium for the spreading of gametes. Newborn eels emerge from the spawning water by the encounters of gametes. Water is a sexual platform. Eels might feel the catastrophes of humans since their range of sensitivity coincides with the signals of human disasters. Eels can hear sounds of very low frequency, lower than 20 Hz, which are referred to as infrasound. This is made from sources with enormous energy, such as sonic booms, nuclear and chemical explosions, and diesel engines. Likewise, the range of electromagnetic waves that eels can perceive includes the frequency of military submarine communication and emergency radio. Eels are involved in the network of organisms loosely connected with hormones. The very first artificial sexual maturation of an eel was by an injection of the urine extract of pregnant women. It was discovered later what induced the maturation was human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), the hormone that a pregnancy test strip detects from urine. Hormones can travel between species sharing the same receptors, not only from a human to an eel but also from a horse to a human. Conjugated estrogen, often used in hormone replacement therapy for transgender humans, is produced from the urine of pregnant mares. I anticipate my future with artificial intelligence to be different from the streamlined-dystopia depicted in Hollywood films, but rather as a companionship of imperfect machines and queer bodies. I smell the contingency of this co-operation from my crappy MacBook and iPhone, the digital prostheses that I heavily rely on every day as a creative working-class person. I had been using my previous MacBook for four years, which used to be cutting-edge but soon considered outdated, and finally stopped working a few months ago. It was purchased in South Korea and migrated with me to the Netherlands. It had a keyboard with both Latin alphabets and Korean characters indicated as if it was representing my mother-tongue language. Underneath the bilingual keyboard, batteries lied in, stuck to the keyboard with industrial adhesive. When the batteries started getting swollen after years of use, I could not repair it at the official Apple store in Amsterdam. The glued keyboard had to be removed altogether with the battery, and Apple’s policy of “only replacing parts with the identical parts” made the store refuse to replace my bilingual keyboard with the Latin keyboard that they had in stock. Only later, I managed to fix the laptop at a private, unofficial repair center, which was coincidently run by an Arabic guy who was an immigrant like me and my laptop. This procedure made the laptop as illegitimate as my non-European, queer body in Western Europe. The lingual/cultural context in which my computer was purchased determines if it can survive in a foreign territory. The longer I use my digital device, the crappier it becomes. In other words, the longer the device drifts away from Apple’s blueprint, the queerer it becomes, and the chance for it to become more intimate with my queer body grows. Apple sneakily hinders this connection by gluing the keyboard to batteries, making the devices unrepairable, and planning their obsolescence. The way I perceive the intimacy with my queer machines is through performative uses. When I was trying to turn off the alarm in the morning after breaking my iPhone screen, I desperately tried to handle its inability to read my fingers. It was far from the authoritative interaction between a subject and an object but closer to a subject convincing another subject to be silent. I’ve never been more intimate with the phone before that performance created by my fingers and the broken touch screen. The climax of this performance was when its participants reconstruct the bodies of each other. I did it by replacing the genuine, yet, broken screen with a fake screen. This made the status of the iPhone, again, as unofficial as my body. At the same time, my crappy machines also rebuild my body. In that morning with my iPhone, it was done by having a bleeding index finger from a shard from the broken screen, but sometimes the reconstruction involves more subtle interactions. I had used only the left-side speaker of my MacBook because the right one made unbearable high-pitched noise when it was turned on. In the long run, this companionship will transfer deviance from the laptop to my body, in other words, imbalance the hearing of my left and right ear. If this inability can be inherited over generations, we might expect a kin group of humans that can only hear with their left ears in the far future. I speculate that the artificial intelligence that will be entangled with my queer body in the future will be as deviant and illegitimate as my MacBook and iPhone. Crappy machines are not represented in blockbuster fictions about technology, and representation of queer bodies is deliberately erased in the human history by colonialism. However, this manifestation is written through the co-operation between my fingers that I use for queer intercourses and an unofficial laptop. Nobody can predict what kind of technical apparatus we’ll live with in the future, but the ones that the majority of us can afford won’t be state of the art. What intrigues me is not how smart the technology will become but how nuanced the intimacy I’ll form with it. My companion artificial intelligence in the unforeseeable future won’t be as intelligent as the ones people will remember or fantasize about, but queer and crappy like my body. This speculation is not about a utopia. Unfortunately, my electronic devices are crucially reliant on the technologies owned by the big tech corporations and undoubtedly the products of exploitative labor and a massive ecological footprint. Likewise, my queer body in the consumerist society is inevitably dressed up with sweatshop garments and fueled by the crops and livestock produced by industrial farming. The queer alliance between me and machines is not politically sterile. It can only be activated upon a continuous acknowledgment of its constraints. Which bodies are involved in this intimacy? Which bodies are excluded from this co-operation? Who does profit and who does get exploited from this entanglement? Glass eels, once abundant food ingredient in Basque, had a sudden and drastic decline in their population in the late eighties. The cause of the decline is assumed to be related to human activities, yet still not identified now since there is too little known about the ecology of eels. As the glass eels became scarce, their price increased tremendously, more expensive than gold of the same weight. As an alternative, a company called Angulas Aguinaga invented imitated eels using surimi in 1991. The surimi eels looking almost identical to the glass eels, though it tastes very bland, is now widely consumed in Spain. Surimi translates to “ground meat” in Japanese, and typically means fish paste often used for imitation crab, but it can also be made using other types of meat. In this project, I want to make this slightly broader so that what I refer to as surimi is a protein-containing paste that can be molded into diverse shapes and textures. By this definition, chicken paste for McNuggets and Gluten paste for vegan chicken can also be regarded as surimi. Species meet when they become surimi. In the case of fish surimi, various fishes are ground and frozen as soon as they’re caught on fishing vessels. A grinding blade rips the cells apart and turns them into a homogeneous entity, a multi-species blob. And this can incorporate wider variants of flesh than fish, such as that of mammals(cow, pig), birds(chicken), insects, plants (soy), and fungus (mushroom). Surimi is a fluidic chimera. Humans took advantage of surimi’s plastic property and used surimi to imitate other animal flesh as a cheaper, halal, kosher, or vegan alternative to it. Various species, including squids, crabs, lobsters, scallops, eels can be mimicked using surimi. This way, surimi, made from multi-species convergence, diverges to species that aren’t necessarily relevant to what the paste is made of. Surimi creates edible morphological representations of species that humans have been eating. This is a way of reenactment. Eating surimi eel is a performance based on the experience of eating glass eels, and surimi eel is a prop in this play. This becomes evident when you taste surimi eel: It’s almost tasteless. If surimi eating is a performance, who’s the protagonist of it? Even though surimi is a material formed by a lot of interspecies encounters, its use merely concerns human interests in the consumption of nonhumans. Humans are exceptional beings in this narrative who make species meet, reform, and be eaten. Human dominance on production and consumption of surimi restricts its outstanding malleability to flow across boundaries of species. Deviation from human-exceptionalism in the realm of surimi will enable more radical conversations than the imitation of a few commercially valued species. I insist that we should admit that humans are not special, and we should be able to make ourselves edible using surimi. This story is being told from the perspectives of six girls. The narrator of each chapter is born shortly after the death of the one from the previous chapter. Their stories depict how they lived with a particular animal species that have emerged around the period they were alive. I admit this way of storytelling is heavily referencing Donna Haraway's work "the Camille Stories". It's nearly an apocalypse, the time of human-made climate catastrophes, the era of mass extinction. A kin group that has been accumulating an advanced level of biotechnology wanted to preserve the planet's biodiversity for the beings that will emerge after them like what Noah intended with "his" ark. They turned an island into a 10000-hectare glass dome. The island was biologically isolated and only had very controlled energy and material exchange with the surrounding environment. They envisaged this island to be an everlasting utopia isolated from the tragedies outside. However, it was clearly a human arrogance to overestimate their own capacity. Their ambition to make a perfectly static, self-sustaining biosphere had failed. The atmospheric composition fluctuated, plastic debris from the outside surged in through the island's filter. The islanders had to acknowledge that they are not capable of being a divine controller of the island anymore. The island was in crisis. The first generation kid was born around the period when the construction of the island was about to end. The islanders at that time were full of pride and ambition for what they were aiming to establish. In her adolescence, she witnessed the island that they once dreamed of slowly decaying. Her life was full of struggles between the reality that she was facing, and what she envisaged as a child. However, almost at the end of her life, she had a subtle yet certain feeling that the island has begun to operate differently, though she was not able to specify how and why. The changes that she perceived were more substantial than what she thought. Due to a biological reason which is still unknown, a number of species on the island evolved rapidly and dealt with environmental instability. The evolutions were highly co-operative because it took place alongside intimate interspecies interactions. As a result, the island became a sympoietic sphere, which operates like a creature that sustains itself in a world that is full of disasters. And humans were not an exception to this. Like any other animal species, the islanders, after giving up the authority they once dreamed of, joined this symbiosis. Their rituals, far from being one-directional and exploitative, had been formed by the interactions with the myriads of species. The second-generation kid's favorite place was the forest. Unlike the islander's society, which was still facing adversity, the forest was always calm and welcoming. She was spending days and nights in the woods, not only with the trees but also very intimately with the animals in the forest, especially tree rodents. She was paying close attention to the forest-beings with care and respect. One day she saw a group of rodents that she hadn't seen before. They had mysterious green patches like hairy leaves on their skin, and it triggered her curiosity. She carefully pulled it and realized that it's not pieces of leaves lingering on their back, but the actual part of the body. However, it wasn't like the texture and color of an animal, but closer to that of a green plant. After the encounter, the herd of unusual green rodents expanded day by day and spread all around the island. The rodents were growing and reproducing way faster than the other animals. She was very inquisitive about how they can grow that fast and started her investigation. After a few years of research, she discovered that the atmosphere's oxygen level had been significantly stabilized after the emergence of this creature. She also observed that these rodents habitually move to where there's more sunlight. When they're under direct sunlight, they stretch out their wrinkled green abdominal skin and expose it as much as possible to the sun. From what she had learned, she could draw a conclusion that these rodents somehow gained the ability of photosynthesis, and it allowed the rodents to have more energy available for growing and spreading faster. She was deeply intrigued by this and started researching how this could have been possible for the rest of her life. She was living, eating, sleeping with the herd of rodents. The rodents were very special to her, so was she to the rodents. After decades of intimacy with the rodents, what she learned was that their ability of photosynthesis was derived from their symbiotic relationships with trees. Before their emergence, the island's ecosystem was mostly supported by plants, but the insecure atmospheric condition and amount of sunshine threatened a lot of plant species. The plant species formed symbiotic relationships with the rodent helpers to deal with the instability. Rodents were suitable for this versatile ecological role since they grow and reproduce fast. This symbiosis started like that of the ants and the acacia trees: The rodents protected the tree from insects, and the trees feeding rodents in return. Then the relationship grew more interdependent so that the rodents started to contribute to pollination and seed dispersal of the trees. In return, the trees enabled the rodents to photosynthesize by donating them special tissues that can live and photosynthesize on rodents' skin. This present from plants enabled the rodents to flourish and brought some beneficial influences to the ecosystem. The atmospheric consistency of the island became more secure since they photosynthesized. The rodents also supported a significant part of the ecosystem as a source of food for many animals on the island. Without predation of them, the ecosystem would eventually be devastated by the overpopulation of rodents. Also, for the islanders, the rodents were the primary source of protein. And the rodents' skin became the most common type of leather that the islanders use for their clothing. When the third generation kid turned twenty, she was confronted with a coming-of-age ritual. She was supposed to sneak into the predator reptile's habitat and collect their shed skin. The reptiles were the biggest land predators of the insular ecosystem. The reptiles had stealth skin that helped them stake-out by mimicking the colors and patterns of their surroundings. When they were not hunting, they used the same ability to look more attractive for mating. The reptiles built their nests out of colorful, decorative materials. When residing in the nest, their skins replicated the splendid texture of it and drew attention from their mates. They have to molt periodically in order to grow. Most of the time, they molt in their nest, and their shed skin still has the extravagant and colorful patterns replicated from the nest. That's the only opportunity for the islanders to obtain their skin because it's extremely risky to hunt this predator. Apart from the reptile's notorious reputation, the third generation kid has never seen this animal in real life. She didn't even know what these reptiles look like except that they're big and colorful. The fact that she doesn't know anything about the predator made the mission even more fearful. Nevertheless, she walked toward the deepest area of the forest. Through the trees, she saw a hint of the nest, showing off its presence with flamboyant colors. She crouched, held her breath from there, and slowly approached the nest. When she reached near enough to recognize what the nest is made of, she was astonished. What seemed like a colorful blob from a distance was a huge pile of plastic trash stacked up artfully. It made her recall a story that she heard from her friend living near the seashore. Yet the island is biologically isolated, it needed a certain level of material exchange with the outside world. It had to respirate and excrete. It had a basic filter system that didn't function perfectly. Every time the island inhaled water and gas, plastic debris surged from the outside world. This once submerged the beach and severely threatened the marine ecosystem, however dramatically disappeared soon. Nobody knew how this happened but only found big footprints with claws, and trail marks of long tails. Now she realized where all those missing plastic trash is gathered. The colorful plastic packaging from the polluted sea outside the dome must have looked like an incredible construction material for the reptiles. She sneaked into one of the nests and snatched a piece of shed skin of the reptile. Luckily, none of the reptiles were around the nest, probably on another journey to collect colorful plastic waste. She had to chuckle to understand how unintentional they were when they saved the ecosystem. Finally, she returned safely to the town and shared what she saw. They didn't believe that those were the reptiles who cleaned the shore, but the colorful imprints of plastic trash on the piece of shed skin she brought made it undeniable. They celebrated the success of her first grown-up mission, and their companion reptile species decontaminating the shore. Due to the climate crisis, a species of bird has evolved senses that are heightened to warn about the incoming disasters. They are nature's own public warning system. The colors of their feathers adapt to the temperature changes. Humans and nonhumans rarely hunt them as they are an integral part of keeping everyone safe. Before a climate disaster, the normally white-feathered birds circle around the island with feathers in bright neon color squawking. After their death, humans mourn and carefully collect their feathers from the corpses. Their feathers are still way more sensitive than any human-made sensors to atmospheric changes. The islanders use the feathers for scientific research, religious rituals, luxurious garments. The warning happens every few decades, and the fourth generation kid was five years old when one of the most significant warnings throughout the islander's history occurred. Throughout her life, she experienced a thorough, cooperative, interspecies preparation not to eradicate but to live through the destined trouble. Like the animals preparing for winter, she and her companion humans and nonhumans stored fermented food, thickened their furs and coats, embraced each other tighter throughout a generation's lifetime. It was turned out what the birds were warning about was the emergence of translucent bioluminescent squids. The invertebrates dwelled in the deep sea where sunlight could not reach so that their translucent bodies were barely visible. They artfully used bioluminescence to attract prey. When the invertebrate illuminated the fishes that were not digested yet, it appeared through its translucent body like a group of glowing fishes. The uncontrollable increase of their population threatened the marine biodiversity of the island by depleting the deep-sea animals. It encroached the island's ecosystem from the bottom. These marine predators were incredibly intelligent and tenacious so that none of the insular species could possibly control their population. The only way for the insular ecosystem to sustain was through interspecies cooperation. Marine creatures started alerting each other not to be attracted by the seductive lights that the squids emit. The fifth-generation kid, who was a talented diver, also plunged in the sea every day to caution the fishes from being tempted. As a response to this, the squids started to glow more exquisitely to keep enticing their prey despite the resistance, and the marine creatures' struggle against the squids became more desperate. This "arms race" prolonged all through the lifetime of the fifth generation kid and a few human generations after her. The squids' glowing became more and more splendid, in the end, almost like fireworks piercing the blackness of the deep sea. It was the light of death, which led numerous fishes to death, to glow in the squid's stomach, to become a fragment of the firework. However, the more dazzling the squids shine, the more solid the interspecies cooperation became, eventually to overcome the deadly allurement. Due to this almost impermeable solidarity, bioluminescence was not an effective tactic for the squids anymore. Consequently, their population decreased, and the ecosystem gradually retained its biodiversity. The trouble wasn't necessarily wrong, but only an abrupt ecological change. The fifth-generation kid found the bioluminescence of the squids not only as a threat but as a fasciation. She dedicated a significant part of her life to understanding how the squids glow and figured out that through symbiosis with their intestinal bacteria the squids shine. The islanders later mimicked the symbiotic relationship between the squids and the bacteria and began to rely on them to light up their houses. A considerable number of species, especially marine creatures, had gone extinct during the ecosystem's struggle. There was immense grief for the islanders. Even though humans lost control and authority over the island, they haven't forgotten their aim of making a living archive of biodiversity, and the mass loss of the species that they faced seemed so painful. The sixth-generation kid spent her childhood in the time of societal mourning. How to commemorate the lost beings was a question deeply ingrained in her worldview. Nobody could answer that question without hesitation, yet one of the most credible ways of dealing with the agony was through a symbiosis with a species of sea urchins. The urchins were the decomposer of the ecosystem. While crumbling tissues of dead animals, their cells endocytosed DNA of the dead animals and connected those to their DNA. Eventually, they had developed a massive DNA molecule for each cell. Most of the genetic sequences they have acquired were not active and just stored in their nucleus. However, some sequences got activated by a scarce chance and developed into new functions of the creature. Their complex and diverse textures and colors were the product of these random activations of the acquired genetic information. The urchins only reproduced asexually by budding. But that didn't mean that they are not genetically diverse because the urchins always mutated themselves by collecting DNA from dead animals. This made them highly adaptable to the unstable environment. When they reproduce, the genetic information gathered from the dead animals was also copied and distributed. Consequently, they were a vast archive of genetic information of the animal species that once had lived on the island. Once discovering that the urchins accumulate the genetic information of the animals in their nucleus, human's main duty had been to preserve those records by cherishing the urchins. In return, the urchins made fruit-like-tissues containing DNA and buds those off. Humans took it and used their DNA to decode the genetic record and used their fluorescent shells for making objects for storing valuable memories. She was walking on the beach. The ocean was sobbing as if it was recalling a tremendous loss in the past. She paused next to a dead fish washed up on the beach. A family of urchins was devouring the corpse, tasting the bodily history of the fish, trying not to forget every single cell of it, embracing its DNA with that of themselves, therefore becoming the fish, or vice versa. She mumbled a question to the urchins. "What species had gone extinct yesterday? What species will go extinct tomorrow?" If you find this message, you are reading a letter from the future. I’ve been transmitting this signal to the past that I can not specify. I only wish this message to find its way and to end up around the period when COVID-19 outbreak has started, and reassure the people back then, that your species has managed to reform itself corresponding to the crisis that it was facing. The outbreak of coronavirus pandemic subverted the religion of unconditional growth and sufficiency that was widely shared among the humankind back then. And it worked as a kind of evolutionary pressure and induced the humankind to use Viruses as the currency. We still need more research about how this exactly happened, but for now, it’s the most widely-believed theory.

What we use instead of what you call “wallet” is the gland that we’re all born with. It’s an organ that has evolved to accumulate viruses. It also mediates the exchange of viruses through portals on its surface that connect the virus storing tissues to the outside. Shapes and colors of the virus gland are very diverse because they are constantly infected and deformed by the high concentration of virus in it. The more viruses one has in the gland, the splendid the gland will look.

Thus, in this era, goods and services can be purchased with a virus. The transactions can be done consciously through the viral glands, but sometimes unintentionally by coughs, sneezes, touches, and exchanges of bodily fluid. And those unconscious payments are like what you call tax now. Most of the countries have built a system for collecting those free-released viruses for running social services.

A virus is a living form of capital. They are reproduced in human bodies, mainly in people’s viral glands. The unit of this currency is the genetic diversity of the virus in one’s body. The number of the species of virus in your body determines how wealthy you are. We all have a heightened sense of the virus in the gland so that we can naturally feel how much we own. A virus may destroy our body to a certain extent, like what capitalism of yours does to laborers. “Economic class” here is equivalent to “an ability to live with more virus”. This capacity can be either just genetically inherited or grown by being exposed to more viruses, for example, by vaccination. People with a talented immune system can always earn more with less damage to their bodies. Having an elegant immunity is a form of status symbol.

Bats play a crucial role in the economic systems of ours. Bats have an outstanding capability of gathering, storing, reproducing viruses in their body, and therefore always have been associated with capital and wealth. It’s unavoidable for us to mention bats to talk about the economy. Yet I am very aware of that many people of your time are preconceived with a certain idea about bats, especially from the racist statements that try to mock East Asians as “bat-eating savages” only because the coronavirus pandemic has purportedly started from contact with a bat, and the contact happened to take place in China. I wish the racist narrow-mindedness to be disturbed and opened up by the way we perceive bats.

Trading of a virus is not only an exchange of capital but also that of kinship. Retrovirus has been rewriting human genes for millions of years through reverse-transcription. To share a virus is to share kinship and to share genetic information. In the long term, this is an alternative way of enhancing our specie’s genetic diversity, not by having sex, reproducing ourselves, and increasing population, but just reproducing viruses and making kins. Consequently, we feel pleasures that are equivalent to your sexual pleasures when we exchange viruses through the virus portals. The virus gland is as sensitive as your genitals. So it facilitates the exchange of viruses, which is trading of currencies and sharing of kinship just like that you enjoy both sex and spending money.

How these economic models function is such a fascinating topic to talk about in detail. There are a number of distinctive systems, and I wasn’t sure if I could represent this diversity. What I am going to show you from now is a talk show that I found, in which speakers from various backgrounds explain how their economic systems work. You can start watching it by pressing the button below. Enjoy!

The generated image material will depict important aspects mentioned throughout the text. The idea of having a fictional union resembles the way an AI system makes up images from a dataset that are found in the real world. Even though the union discussed in this article was inspired by a speculative question, the sources of information that constitute the fiction are firmly based on the real-life precarities described by the people gathered to form the union. (Images generated using DALL·E)

Even though I studied design and I regard my practice as communication design, I’m very often introduced as an artist by other people. A lot of my former classmates who studied design with me also do not hesitate to position themselves as artists in their career after graduation. By mentioning this, I’m not trying to raise an archaic question like “what is the difference between art and design?”. What I find interesting here is rather an observation that the way I earn money, as for a significant number of design school graduates, is almost indistinguishable from the business model of an artist. For example, a considerable part of my income comes from writing, public talks, workshops, exhibitions and artistic residencies like any other artists. A ‘design project’ in this case doesn’t create any economic profit by itself, and thus has to rely on the public funds and its commodifiable by-products for its financial sustenance.

In the following text, I would like to propose the term ‘unvalorised design’ to refer to the types of design that create values that are not economically compensated. The capitalist system doesn’t always weigh the worth of everyone’s activity equally, and the forms of labour that have been associated with marginalised groups – such as queer people, people of colour, women or immigrants – are often financially depreciated thus reinforcing the normative distribution of capital. I insist that this hierarchy is also present in design, so that certain design disciplines are suitable for commercial adaptation while some aren’t. If somebody’s design practice is ‘unvalorised’, it is very likely that they will be economically precarious since their work won’t easily allow them to earn. I will initiate this magazine contribution with a reflection on being an unvalorised designer, and will attempt to open up a moment of discussion on how we can deal with the precarity of unvalorised design not only individually, but also as a group incorporating the stakeholders of the cultural sector and the other practitioners of unvalorised design.

Understanding my own unvalorised design practice
What attracted me to study design in the Netherlands was the legacy of ‘Dutch Design’, which presented itself radically in the early 2000s as an alternative design movement. This model, driven by a few iconic designers, appeared more socially aware, and independent from the normative market demands. I still believe that this approach is meaningful, but one aspect that wasn’t included in this representation was the question of how practitioners can economically sustain themselves. Nevertheless, the image of a ‘Dutch Designer’ presented by the educational institutions was influential enough to convince me that following this path would make me financially sufficient.

Design education in this context is inseparable from discourses such as critical design and speculative design which I regard as precise examples of ‘unvalorised design’. My practice, and also that of the majority of the other designers that I studied with, relies on this notion of design which opened up a possibility for the discipline to become a method of reflective research rather than a marketing tool. Throughout my education, we rarely used terms such as ‘market’, ‘client’, or ‘user’, and I believe that’s why our business models are almost indistinguishable from those of artists. Having this educational experience, we mostly end up as freelancer whose social security is not protected by any public system. The situation consequently renders the design scene as a landscape consisting of countless economically precarious individuals who compete for highly confined opportunities financed by cultural subsidies or publicly funded institutions. 

The weight of self-employment isn’t singular. The design school graduates with EU nationality at least have the option of seeking steady employment for more financial stability. However, while I was studying, choosing to be a freelancer was never an option for me. Since I’m not a European Citizen, being a freelancer and applying for a so-called ‘artist’s visa’ seemed like the only available way for me to extend my residence permit after graduation. This option leads to another dimension of insecurity when a person’s freelancer status critically matters for their legal right to remain in the country. The ‘international’ design scene of Western Europe is indebted to the creativity and cultural references from the Global South, yet it does not care about the individual practitioners that it benefits from. The most explicit example of this was when a lot of people in the art and cultural sector of the Netherlands with temporary residence permits were at risk of having to leave the country during the pandemic due to the visa-related income requirement. Many of them received TOZO (Tijdelijke overbruggingsregeling zelfstandig ondernemers: temporary bridging regulation for self-employed entrepreneurs), a sort of income support for self-employed people during the corona crisis. The Immigration and Naturalisation Service (IND) initially communicated that the amount of support from TOZO will be considered as an income that would count towards the wage requirement of the residence permit. However, it turned out later that this wasn’t the case, and a lot of the recipients of TOZO were asked to leave the country due to insufficient income. 

Imagining a union together
Precarity emerges at intersections of various sociopolitical situations through the overlapping of multiple marginal conditions at once, such as someone being a freelancer and an immigrant. What I refer to as ‘unvalorised designers’ doesn’t mean a homogenous group, but a number of individuals coming from various backgrounds with different privileges and non-aligning demands. Any representation of their precarities should not be based on the idea of a single person, but start from gathering the shared struggles of those bodies.

As a speculative experiment, I insist on creating a (fictional) organisation that represents the precarity of unvalorised designers. This proposal is positioned between the designers’ associations that are already active in campaigning for a better working environment, and economic science fictions that hypothetically challenge the fundamental structure of capitalism. The former take a lot of vital actions to deal with urgencies that unvalorised designers are facing, yet it’s difficult for these immediate approaches to incorporate more open imaginations. The latter radically expands our thoughts out of the status quo while being far detached from more specific problems that unvalorised designers experience in their daily lives. By finding an appropriate stance between these two, I anticipate that this proposal will bring thought experiments closer to reality and make the reality more malleable through fictions.

The working title of this fictional organisation is ‘The Union* for Unvalorised (design) Labours’. The term ‘union’ here is marked with a star symbol (*) to indicate that the use of the term might not exactly align with the common, precise notion of a ‘labour union’, which refers to an organisation of workers intent on “maintaining or improving the conditions of their employment”. It’s closer to the more generic meaning of the word, a group “formed by people with a common interest or purpose”, or, even more fundamentally, “the action of joining together in a political context”. The word ‘design’ is in brackets in the title in the sense that there are many ‘unvalorised labours’ other than design. The later parts of this text will address the idea of forming bridges between various ‘unvalorised labours’ including design labour, creating broad alliances and learning from each other’s strategies.

Meaningful fictional narratives emerge from a carrier bag in which different bodies are gathered. While speculatively elaborating on this union, what I wanted to avoid was reproducing the myth of a singular genius-designer. Instead, I attempted to function as a container in which various thoughts and experiences of unvalorised designers from various disciplines can be gathered. This process consists of a series of interviews and workshops. In the interviews, the stakeholders of the cultural sector around unvalorised design were invited, including a lawyer, a journalist, educators, an organiser of an advocacy group and artists and designers whose practice directly discusses the precarity of creative labour. They were asked how can the value of unvalorised design be recognised more significantly and how the livelihood of its practitioners can become more sustainable.

The interviews were followed by a workshop that gathered the participants who consider themselves as ‘unvalorised designers’, the potential constituents of the union. The realistic and critical insights gathered during the interviews were provided as sources of inspiration for the workshop participants to keep their speculation more relevant and concrete. They discussed what their shared precarities are, what are their corresponding demands, and to whom and how those demands can be addressed. As the interviews and workshops attracted a wide variety of people, their opinions didn’t always align and sometimes required a process of negotiation. Gathering people under the slogan of a fictional organisation was a bottom-up way of speculating that will never reach a conclusive state but remain malleable to make more bodies and stories involved.

Interviewing the stakeholders
What makes design ‘fundable’? How can we justify our labour? How can we appreciate design whose value isn’t fully appreciated by the consumer market? How can we (economically) sustain ourselves while staying radical? What kind of care does the union provide its constituents? What kind of activist methods will this involve? What does the union resist and with whom does it form an alliance? Who owns this union? How does decision-making take place in this union?

The interviews involved the following people. Each conversation was around one hour and was compensated with a honorarium of 50 euros.

Looking for the interviewees made me realise that the cultural sector of Belgium and the Netherlands is an extremely uneven playing ground by revealing how predominantly white its stakeholders are. The support of the Futuress community was essential for enabling the discussions to include more diverse voices.

The following parts of the text are the documentation of the conversations that I had with the interviewees. It doesn’t indicate which opinion is from which contributor, but rather focuses on emphasising overlaps and disagreements in their thoughts.

What is labour?
A lot of the interviewees wanted to clarify what I intend by proposing a fictional union. Some found it interesting and ironic that I’m using the speculative methodology that is partly responsible for the ‘devalorisation of design’.
 
Unlike the other types of design, speculative design projects are usually self-initiated. This completely changes its nuance from the labour perspective. While a delivery person provides labour directly in a relationship, an autonomous designer doesn’t provide labour to anyone specific. This does not correspond to the legal definition of labour. Labour in a legal sense is outlined by the labour law that concerns the relationship of subordination between an employer and an employee. The policies such as minimum wage and labour agreement are developed to protect the rights of both, and has especially contributed to the abolishment of child labour and so-called wage slaves that were prevalent in the time of industrial revolution. Since labour law is a structure about the precarity of employees, design without commission can be called ‘work’ but not labour. Unvalorised designers are thus working, but are not always providing labour to an employer. An autonomous design practice is very likely to be unvalorised since it contradicts what labour legally is. Even when a self-initiated project receives public funds, it doesn’t count as labour unless you can claim that you’re ‘hired by the government’ and doing government services.

To understand unvalorised design as labour, it’s important to consider the meaning of the term more comprehensively, not only by referencing labour law, but by recognising the varying notions of labour in different fields such as sociology, philosophy, and economics. One of the contributors explained that they consider their design practice as labour not only because it is fundable but also due to its accountability. They pointed out that a lot of speculative design projects, especially in the tech industry, don’t hold any responsibility while those speculations can easily become prototypes for weapons – designs that create more harm than good. In order to make design recognised as labour, a designer should be responsible for the political question that follows the exchanges of money and service. Speculative design often avoids accountability by being merely artistic and self-expressive, thus rendering itself non-labour and unvalorised. The binary perception of ‘socially aware speculative design’ and ‘bad market people’ is not helpful here.

These responses emphasised the importance of critical and responsible positioning of the union. Its fictional aspect shouldn’t be an excuse to limit its relevance to the real-life urgencies of unvalorised designers and remain as a mere thought experiment. Through the participatory approach, I envisage this speculative construction to be shaped by its members’ precarities and spontaneously influence their working environment. The fact that this union has been actually gathering the relevant people gives the union an ambiguous position between fiction and nonfiction.

Finding the value of unvalorised design
The fact that a design practice is unvalorised means its practitioner has to always argue to prove its value. One can insist, for instance, that design should be funded because we’re providing ‘entertainment services’ to the public as we occupy people’s time and help them gain new ideas. But this also might just be entirely our assumption since we don’t even know how many people are going to see our works. The more unvalorised a design practice is, the more challenging it becomes to quantify its effect. In order to claim that our labour is valuable, we have to be able to identify what kind of work we are doing and what its effects are.

One of the contributors confessed that they stopped classifying what they’re doing as labour because it doesn’t really matter to them. They believe not everything has to be about productivity and the world won’t necessarily become better by creating new things. In that regard, they believe that Universal Basic Income, UBI, will enable them to work only when they feel like working. They asserted that we don’t always have to be tied by necessity, and our relationship with work can become healthier once we detach ourselves from ‘paid work’.

However, some contributors warned that the neoliberal capitalist interpretation of universal basic income can be dystopian. It often implies the idea of a highly individualised society without social security. In a capitalist society, quantitative easing means inflation. Everyone receiving around five hundred euros every month would possibly not be eligible for subsidies from the Ministry of Culture. If so, the fair practice code for remuneration would be much more important since UBI can be easily utilised in negotiation against unvalorised designers: “Why do you need this subsidy when you’re receiving basic income?”

Some other contributors suggested that the value of unvalorised design practices is found outside the boundary of capitalism since thinking outside capitalism will allow us to form our own standards for recognising value. Yet it remains questionable how this observation can help unvalorised designer deal with the economic precarities that they experience every day.

Unionising from the shared precarity
A labour union, in its precise meaning, is an organisation with a certain legal status based on the labour law to represent workers in relation to their employers. An organisation for unvalorised designers is more likely to be an advocacy group. An advocacy group is an association formed around a specific topic to influence public opinion and ultimately policy. It can have an impact in various ways, and sometimes cooperate with labour unions too. There are already many guilds of artists structured around a certain interest, such as groups focused on the ‘artist status’ issue in Belgium last year. Even though this matters critically for the livelihood of unvalorised designers whose way of earning is identical to that of an artist, it was difficult to find a designer participating in the debate about this topic.

Establishing an organisation should begin with transparently communicating about precarity to find out what the common problem is. One problem is that finding money-related conversations in the design sector is incredibly difficult, since it limits our knowledge on economics and finances. There are various design practices, and their processes and outputs are very heterogeneous. Some of them are highly profitable, while others are unvalorised like art. Being open about your struggles will allow others to relate this to their own experience. Starting from this shared precarity, we can discuss different actions that we can take and expand the common ground to make other initiatives and disciplines involved. For example, Kunstenbond in the NL created a collective labour agreement for self-employment – a legally binding contract for fair remuneration of freelancers that is not confined to artists. Many problems experienced by different parts of the cultural sector are intimately related and very often caused by the same source, such as the ‘artist status’ issue that was also relevant to unvalorised designers. This could make a meaningful difference in terms of the power in numbers: the more people making a certain demand, the more legitimacy there will be, which can possibly lead to a conversation with government and legislation.

While working on this issue, we should pay close attention to where this union politically starts from. A rapidly expanding organisation becomes increasingly incapable of diversifying itself. When a union starts with a homogenous type of people, it is very likely that its demographics will be stigmatised. Activism shouldn’t be in the hands of a single social identity group as a private tool. The organisation thus requires a designed system for keeping itself critical and distributing agencies.

Building an interdisciplinary alliance
Expanding the scope of common precarities will sometimes go beyond the boundary of the cultural sectors. Contemporary design discourse has been blurring its own boundary to include more practices that were considered too domestic, alien or deviant to be called design. In their earlier trajectories, some contributors had to support their practice alongside other side jobs such as cleaning, delivery, working at restaurants, etc. Doing these jobs helped them understand what the different forms of labours are like in the most embodied ways, which led to more chances to form solidarity with other workers. They learnt how to link political representations of different labourers, for example by joining unions for delivery workers at the same time as joining the organisation for artists’ solidarity.

There are numerous successful examples of unions which have managed to demand, gather and mobilise a lot of power in various fields. Even though each of those cases cannot be transferred directly from one field to another, the fictional union of unvalorised designers has to learn from them so that we don’t have to invent every method from scratch. Unions have already existed for a long time, and there’s a lot of knowledge theorised in social science about their value and strategies.

One of the most novel and relevant cases of this would be the discussions and movements around the gig economy. Just like unvalorised designers, the workers of gig economy are also individualised freelancers who had struggled to establish legitimate labour unions. Unvalorised designers should learn from the strategies of gig economy workers. Using the tools of the gig economy can give us the autonomy to not always be dependent on state funding. Platforms like Onlyfans and Patreon can help you build an audience without fully relying on the art market. We can think of appropriating the pre-existing structures of the attention economy such as YouTube, like when the Black Live Matters movement created advertising revenue from posting blank videos.

This interdisciplinary exchange is inevitable in a world where the threshold of creativity has become lower than ever due to development of technology and the availability of various digital media. We can no longer use our indispensability as a form of privilege. We should quit putting ourselves on a pedestal and ignoring others who might be as creative as us. We can only learn how being an unvalorised designer can still matter by interacting with them, so that we can reach a more constructive conclusion than “Everyone can design now and being a designer is obsolete”.

Some of us are optimistic that unvalorised designers are highly capable of building an interdisciplinary solidarity since this is one of the core aspects of the discipline. Instead of the expression of self, design represents the situations and demands of others, especially the marginalised others in the case of unvalorised design. We imagined the unvalorised designers forming a broad alliance with the bodies that they’ve been attempting in their design practices.

Starting from education
The biggest source of precarity for unvalorised designers lies in how education attempts to train designers to do the design work that doesn’t actually exist.

It was especially the contributors whose practices include teaching who insisted we have to start with student unions. Design courses are designed to attract students from a certain background who can afford to be critical and unvalorised. Those programmes, especially in the Netherlands, present themselves with a sharp eye to marketing, appropriating a lot of political language in trendy ways. A considerable number of students end up with empty baskets, with a lot of disappointments while not being aware of their rights. Unionising in this context is about reminding people of the power they have. The students of such institutions are privileged in the sense that they have capital to pay for that education, while they rarely use their capabilities for political purposes since they often feel weaker than they actually are. Mobilising those students through critical theory can help them understand that they can use this power to various degrees and they can affect the environment where teaching takes place. The educational environment appears to be tightly curated, but often it isn’t. There are a lot of gaps in the programmes that the students can appropriate through unionisation.

Being passive in design programmes will only lead to devalorisation later. Even though the structure is always bigger than them and they’re at the bottom of the power structure, students still have some agency that comes with their privileges. They aren’t the victims of the whole system. They have the rights to demand since they’re the main investors in those programmes. It is important for a design educator to always talk about unions and rights and to share material on critical theories like intersectional feminism, decolonial frameworks, discrimination, institutionalised power structures and inclusivity. This should be followed by debates around the topics with concrete thoughts on how those discussions can lead to actions. 

Some institutions reject this approach by not renewing a teacher’s contract, and this is why a student union is important. Freelance contract tutors have their own precarities shaped by economic circumstances and sometimes their nationality. They rarely get long term contracts, and they are not paid for their preparations. One of the contributors disclosed those circumstances, such as how much a tutor earns, very transparently to the students. It is important to create an allyship between precarious workers and students. With student support, precarious tutors can have more power in institutions. Being a critical body alone is difficult, and  it requires mutual support: tutors backing students up and the students backing the tutors up. 

However, this practice needs sensitivity. The majority of the students are white Europeans, and they have to be careful about who they are affecting with their uprising. We must also learn that responsibility comes with political mobilisation. Students need a form of training as politically privileged individuals on how to use those privileges, but how? In which rhythm? How can they protect the most vulnerable bodies in that process? A school is where this training can happen while allowing room for trial and error.

A union that cares
One of the contributors shared their experience about being the only tutor of the colour for the whole school year. While being grateful about the fact that their presence can empower the students from marginalised backgrounds, this tutor’s labour of providing extra care for the students of colour approaching them for help is not remunerated by the school. This is an example of the ‘burden of representation’. To prevent the labour of care being unvalorised, it should be mutual, and start and end in a certain framework.

Care is an extremely trendy concept that is often misused. In the patriarchal system, it is usually a woman or a queer/trans body of colour that provides care without getting paid. Very often, care is used as a moral disguise for precarious labour. Not being aware of normative interpretation of care limits the great possibilities that the concept entails. We have to stop moralising and idealising the notion of care. Care is labour as much as design is labour. Labour means service for a certain amount of money. What kind of structure do we need in order to valorise the labour of care? 

Making a union is about designing a system for this. Formalising care adds legitimacy that will enable us to work and negotiate with larger partners such as the government and big cultural institutions. And in order to formalise care, we should specify every aspect of it, such as who provides care, what contributes to care, who receives care – which should ideally be everyone. 

However, only focusing on the formality of an institution is to conform to the normative structure in which care doesn’t belong, and will only stigmatise the ‘institutional mindset’ that removed care from institutions. Institutionalised discrimination and bias are not created by anyone’s will, but emerge from the flawed structure that amplified the normative status quo. The intention to formalise care can be fully realised only when it doesn’t reproduce the institutional power structures that have gone wrong. We should learn from the past and from other disciplines so that we don’t repeat what we don’t want. Which unions have successfully represented care and which ones haven’t? If we want to do something different, we should decide what it could be. 

The contributors had quite some contrasting opinions on what kind of care a union can provide. Some preferred when the receivers of care can gain direct economic support. One of the contributors shared their experience of a credit union system in the Caribbean. The unofficial economic system called Sousou consists of a relatively small number of close friends. They gather money together for a certain period and at the end of the period, one of those people receives the pool of money to be able to afford something they normally can’t. Expanding this practice into a larger scale to benefit more people seemed like an interesting proposal.

However, some other contributors expressed their concerns about the forms of care that provide monetary benefit by using the example of Broodfonds. Broodfonds is a collective that allows freelancers in the Netherlands who don’t have social security to provide each other with temporary sick leave. The problem is that the community has to decide if somebody is sick enough to receive money, or else the fund will be drained. When the monetary support happens on the scale of a single organisation, its members have to deal with a significant threat of internal conflicts. It should rather happen at a national scale through the social security system. Making this the job of a union will cause unnecessarily challenging political situations, only heightening its own precarity. The care that a union provides should be in alternative forms such as offering access to a system of sharing knowledge and creating representation at a political level.

Gathering the constituents 
Why are all my designer friends overworked and underpaid? Who takes care of the labour condition of an unvalorised designer? When can we stop perceiving each other as competitors? Can we go on strike? How can we (economically) sustain ourselves without being so-called star designers?

The workshop invited those who can be the possible constituents of the union and aimed to speculate about the organisation through a process of negotiation. The workshop took place online using collaborative tools like Miro and Google Docs, the environment that has become the most common workspace for unvalorised designers since the pandemic. It was organised and promoted with grassroots methods using personal social media and the Futuress community. It attracted a wide range of participants spread over Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany and India. The varying circumstances of different design scenes made the speculation more comprehensive.

The first activity of the workshop was a simple survey to understand what our shared precarities are. It consisted of three questions: Does your design practice neatly fit into the legal definition of labour? How many hours of unpaid work do you have to do to be able to do the paid work? How economically/ecologically/personally sustainable is your practice and working environment? By sharing the answers for those questions, we realised that most of our labour positions between ‘design as labour’ and ‘unvalorised design’, at least one third of our working hours, are not remunerated and more than half of us find ourselves economically unstable. We also discovered more specific concerns such as artist organisations and funds not open for designers, pressure from the market to devalue one's labour, lack of preparation in design education for the bureaucracy behind being a freelancer, and difficulties in identifying how many hours we are working.

A Miro board created during the workshop 

From this observation, we could shape our collective demands, and discuss how to address those to the right perceiver. It resulted in the following demands:
* Set fixed guidelines on how to price one's labour, make policies that those guidelines are binding for (at least) public institutions.
* Create a legal status for designers with inclusive criteria.
* Make public funds less bureaucratic, focus on evaluation of the work, provide opportunities for continuous funding to make projects sustainable long term.
* Communicate with the public about our presence and precarities.
* Make administration more suitable for those with multiple occupations such as being a designer and tutor.
* Create a collective solidarity fund.
* No unpaid internships ever.
* Unionise on workdays.

We want to insist on these demands to the media, art schools, cultural institutions, those who evaluate funding proposals, the Ministry of Culture, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Work, other unions, design studios while building solidarity with educators, students and workers who are producing and distributing the designed artefacts.

The workshop is still in progress and it will accumulate more opinions and demands through repeating itself in various contexts. After some editions of the workshop, the outcomes will be edited into the form of an open letter that will be distributed to its intended receivers.

I prepared some fun-facts that you might find interesting. And I hope you’ll be able to weave these fun facts into a more meaningful political narrative while listening to me today.

I will talk about ‘brownness’ and ‘browning’ as a political and biochemical concept today. The word ‘brown’ is one of the few words that I know that is a noun, adjective, and verb at the same time. Another case of this would be the word ‘queer’, and I believe it’s not a coincidence that both words are highly political concepts. The question for everyone who is listening to keep in mind is ‘What makes browning a verb’ in your point of view. And if you’re interested in linguistics, you can think about what makes these political terms more versatile in their grammatical uses.

As a noun and an adjective, the word ‘brown’ indicates a color. This color as we all know, is a highly political one. Especially when it’s about human skin, it’s considered as the primary factor of the social construct of race. This is determined by the concentration of pigment called ‘melanin’ which I will introduce more thoroughly later. 

I’m going to talk about the bio-pigments and colors throughout the rest of the talk, and I would like to clearly state that I’m not trying to reduce the political notion of race into mere skin colors. I once had this hilarious experience that a friend of mine, who is a white man, questioned me the other day if I’m really a ‘person of color’ because I have a lighter skin color. Nella Larsen’s novel ‘Passing’ also brilliantly demonstrated that the racial identity of a person of color is plural, with countless non-aligning intersections within. The idea of race is indeed much more nuanced than just colors. The fact that I’m talking about colors now is not at all about pigment-essentialist reduction, but to widen the idea of race by involving more diversely pigmented bodies, which are not necessarily human bodies, into this discussion.

Like I said earlier, the word ‘brown’ can be also used as a verb like ‘browning’. The context in which the word brown is used most frequently as a verb is food science. It’s defined as “the process of food turning brown due to the chemical reactions that take place within”. And there are mainly two categories of browning, which are enzymatic and non-enzymatic browning.

Most of the brown colors that are considered ‘desirable’ in food science are the products of non-enzymatic browning process, like coffee, chocolate, bread, caramel, steak, etc. This requires heat, in other words, high energy provided from the outside. For example, coffee and cacao beans aren’t brown when they’re freshly harvested, but only turn brown when they’re roasted. Most of the flavors that we find delicious are the consequence of these chemical reactions involving heat and various types of sugar and amino acids. Because this requires a considerable amount of heat energy, this process is initiated with a very clear human intention because it is usually a human that can afford this concentration of energy by starting a fire. I find that the preference for non-enzymatic browning is comparable to ‘browning’ of human body initiated with human intention, such as tanning, even though it’s not the identical chemical reaction. And when these intentions represent the racist power structure, it turns into questionable expressions like white people wearing dreadlocks, or horrible racist things like Zwarte Piet, black face that is still widely practiced in the NL and Belgium. I’m happy that I’m bringing this out in the Flemish context, shortly before Sinterklaas. Whoever reproducing this racist custom should stop. It’s not culture, It’s not childhood reminiscence, It’s rather worship of the colonial past that shouldn’t be tolerated in the 21st century.

Nevertheless, back to the browning story, the category of browning that I’m more interested in is enzymatic browning. For those who aren’t familiar, an enzyme is a protein that facilitates a certain chemical reaction by lowering the amount of energy required for it to start. So unlike non-enzymatic browning, it doesn’t require a massive amount of heat, in other words, energy and resources, and often begins without human desires. Enzymatic browning is a process of oxidation of phenols by an enzyme called polyphenol oxidase, which eventually results in formation of melanin. This sounds complicated, but in fact, we’re very familiar with this process because it’s the reaction that turns a slice of apple brown when they’re exposed to oxygen. I would like to note that I mentioned ‘melanin’ earlier, the pigment that also makes human skin brown, is also what makes an apple brown. Therefore, the state ‘brownness’, the most represented part of ‘race as a social construct’, is not only present in humans but also in apples by having the same pigment. And this becomes more evident when we see how humans treat the brownness of apples. When I was learning about this, I had to reference scientific articles, and the majority of those were about ‘inhibition’ of enzymatic browning process. We’re investing so much resources to devise innovative ways to keep our apples white, such as heat treatment, cold treatment, oxygen elimination, irradiation, acidification, antioxidants, genetic modifications, etc. When there’s an abundance of a certain kind of knowledge, I find it important to question what motivation and whose interest sources this research, and in this case, it is because a browned fruit can’t be sold. The normative preference for ‘whiteness’, intertwined with consumerism, makes an enormous amount of browned yet still edible food discarded in logistics chains, leaving considerable ecological footprints. This entanglement of capitalism and “white supremacy” results in the exploitation of countless human and more-than-human bodies. (Apple eating performance)

And I find it important to find alternatives to the perception of brownness as something that has to be ‘inhibited’ primarily from our food and then from media and representative roles. This can start perhaps from questioning what motivates an apple to brown, in other words, why they produce melanin. There are multiple types of melanin used for different functions in various organisms, and what those have in common is high stability and resilience as polymers. A lot of species use this property of melanin for protective purposes. What gives them color is what makes them resilient. Melanin protects mammal skin including ours from sunburns by absorbing UV, adds mechanical strength to feathers, and is involved in the immune responses of insects and fungi against bacteria. The case of fungi and bacteria is particularly fascinating because fungi releases melanin to repel bacteria, and bacteria also produce melanin to protect themselves from fungi. So their battlefield is probably very dark-colored. The color here is a byproduct of defensive actions with non-aligning intentions that matter to their survival. And the word ‘brown’ in this context is a verb for sure, as a synonym of ‘to take action’, ‘to resist’, and ‘to struggle’.

Melanin is also present in plants. But their existence in plants has been denied for a long time, and was recognized only relatively recently. I don’t exactly understand what caused this delay, but I assume that it’s related to the fact that humans have this tendency to perceive plants as a static and passive background. But plants have melanin too, and they use the pigment for pretty much similar purposes. It contributes to the resistance of plants against pathogens and herbivores. Additionally, in some seeds, it helps germination since its dark color makes it absorb more energy from sunlight. But still, because plant-melanin is still pretty much a recent discovery, a lot of its functions and mechanisms are still in mystery.

So back to the question ‘what motivates an apple to brown’, it is their defense technique. Melanin is water-insoluble, thus forms a solid protective layer when it’s produced in a plant cell, which protects a cell after physical damage. That’s why only a sliced or damaged apple, not the untouched ones, turns brown. It is a reaction.

There was a day that I attempted to collect melanin from browned apples in my kitchen. I find it important that a kitchen is the very last workshop area remaining in a domestic space, where unvalorized care labor that is usually assigned to bodies of color takes place.

The activity resembles the cooking process of apple puree. I blended apples and spread them over a wide surface to maximize their surface area that contacts oxygen, and left it overnight for them to produce melanin to protect themselves from this severe mechanical damage. As I said, melanin doesn’t dissolve in water, but it does only in alkali conditions. The easiest way to achieve this in a kitchen was by using kitchen detergent. After mixing the browned apple puree with detergent, I could filter it down into some brown and clear liquid. This still wasn’t concentrated enough, and using it directly as pigment on paper only made a beige shade. It was only later that I was told by a friend of mine practicing natural dyeing, that brown is usually a really difficult color to render with natural pigments because it requries very high concentration of it. But like I said, melanin is an incredibly resilient polymer, and it doesn’t get destroyed by high heat. So I could just boil the liquid, and reduce it until the brown color can be visible when it’s applied on paper. It happened that it ended up having the consistency that seems very suitable for screen printing because I didn’t know how to remove sugar in the apple juice, so that it became much more viscous than what I expected. So this is for sure not the purified, 100% melanin that one can use for ‘scientific’ purposes, but the closest that I could get within the particular setting of a kitchen that was available. I don’t know what to do with this pigment that I eventually collected, and if any of you has a good idea about how this can be used, please reach out to me anytime. I’m also very curious about the political potential of this material.

For the apple harvesting season next year, I’ll be in Leeds. I will follow the trail of apples from a farm to supermarkets, gather the apples that are discarded because of their color, and gather pigment from them. I’m trying to arrange a collaboration with apple farmers, retailers, food scientists, racial justice activists and screenprinting studios from the area, and do something meaningful with them in the local context. I don’t have any resolution on this yet, but this is the next step of these ideas that I shared with you today.

To sum up, I would like to emphasize again, that pigmentation is an intra and interspecies issue, and every pigmented body can also be racialized. I dream about how these alienated bodies can form a broad alliance, and this talk was about how we can possibly unionize with browned apples.
